So far I haven't seen any
solid proof
I will not intervene in any media
communication to deny neither facts nor
opinions
Either you let me talk or I have to tell you
you let him talk threatens to kick him out of the
your daughter and your son lift the set
phone call us talk to us me
I don't believe it or that the chain is
being very hypocritical
conviction that the minors have had Yes
They have not returned to being anything bad they were
completely cancelled and cannot be done
public what seems completely to me
outrageous when we are talking about
10 years ago
[Music]
the convictions of the
minors are
extreme but extremely protected
by the judicial system Simply me
I'm going to show it in each one I take out
your own conclusion
have been since the broadcast began
from the documentary four months removing the
three months in which the issue is made
documentary has spent another month in the
that the case has not yet been reopened
of gender violence but not that it is not
has reopened is that it has not even been
requested as has been accessed
some media I since
Here I ask Carlota Corredera
Carlota what's going on with the case was not going to happen
reopen you didn't have much evidence that
contribute has not been opened has not been reopened
because that evidence was already provided
for years Because those same 1500
pages that you repeat so much, they have already seen it
the judges with the difference that the
judges have seen it complete not as
we who have seen it apart
because you have taught the
parts that you were interested in teaching
It is said a lot is said a lot that
Antonio had been talking for 25 years
telling his version but to Rocío
Carrasco only needed 60
days to look bad
Good evening, thank you all very much.
Those of you who have chosen us today have
done some work this week
amazing compilation not this week
but for four months this week
What we have done is try
compact all the contradictions and
all the information that has been given in the
documentary to knock her down
What you are going to see today is going to be
basically what has been issued You are going to
check how there are contradictions
within the documentary itself
In one chapter something was done in the
another episode is said another You'll see
how Antonio's dismissal went
David and you will see how the own
new feminists not their own
abandoned standard-bearers not their own
New Women's Advocates have
much to keep quiet if you pull
newspaper archives and perhaps they have done things
Things were worse the same years ago
who criticize Antonio David I hope that
you like the work we have done this
This week I'm going to ask you all please
that you are commenting on the networks
social because they censored me okay
Since I announced this documentary I have been
censored I have been blocked by some networks
social and it's not that they are afraid I don't know
I mean, yes, yes, they are so sure that
everything has been proven and there is no
nothing that can come out unless they have
fear You're going to see spinning You're going to see sack
You're going to see comparisons and you're going to see
things that you had before you
eyes while the broadcast was taking place
movie because it was a movie let's go
show that we also know
make a movie we are going to show that
we can also put images
with music with zoom and things around
style what I'm going to ask you apart from
that you make this viral on social networks is
that you share the link along with the hashtag
Game Over pink but above all with
something they haven't had By far
respect okay you can question you put
You can doubt But don't do it
same as the other side has done You are going to
have respect I'm going to be here watching the
documentary with you if I have to
I will intervene live and when
I'll be with you to see what's finished
have you thought of exchanging
impressions and to thank you for the chat
Super chat and the things you put
make yourselves comfortable and enjoy
We have to speak properly, no
we can do the same as those who
They defend that neofeminism that neither the
feminism is nothing
that of all the aid received only
3% was directly allocated to aid
women and you know where they were going
most of the money from beach bars yes
lawyer helps Lane gives his opinion
Regarding the Rocío documentary series
Carrasco
That's what we could call abuse.
a person goes on TV to talk more
from you that mistreatment in the field of
gender violence abuse is many
things are worth it but in this case she what
alleges that such harm has been done to him
who suffers from a mental illness or
depression I think he also said it was
a major depression and the lawyer
specialized in gender violence
tells all the legal intricacies
What is legally doubted is that this
mental illness has been caused by
a direct or indirect action of the father
of their children
To put you in a bit of context,
The move was that Rocío Carrasco has
has been reporting her ex-partner for
abuse has had some moves too
with the subject of children, children are worth it
In the end they ended up without contact with the
mother and are with the father and the partner
Father's news and well if I tell you the
truth has no thought of recording a
video for the main channel giving my
opinion on this topic but I have
decided to do it because I said Why
no, I'm not seeing that much.
of [ __ ] on the internet that I'm getting
being freaked out or rather an absolute
Shame on what I'm seeing in the
social networks and it is hanging
in the square to a man putting the
label of abuser when this
Sir has gone through 18 complaints and
all has come out there of bear all this in
an hour is worth, that is, in one hour the girl
has gone from being the worst to the worst mother
the worst thing on TV, the worst woman to do
a mother whose courage is testimony
totally unquestionable And all because
because he is crying and because he is
hyperventilating a lot you know how much
more hyperventilating more believable and nothing
solely and exclusively by testimony
of a woman as such by the testimony
of a woman an absolute disgrace
complete disgust what I am
watching on social media for real
I say it, so you ask me later what
why we are so critical of it
feminism That is, if current feminism
This represents that if you for the
Justice is not going well for you, you go to TV
and there you ruin a person's life
I don't want this feminism of course
that I'm going to criticize this for myself
documentary translates into that's worth it
literally this documentary is the
result that after 20 years of silence and are
20 years silent Not for nothing but because
has been filing complaints against each
moment and as it has not been successful in the
justice then we are going to apply that of the
social justice and this man is
is canceling or literally until
At the moment I have not seen any evidence
solid in fact nothing else I've seen
incongruity with traditions that we go
to see in this video and people are
condemning him by accusing him and tattooing him
name of one of the worst crimes
by today's society as it is
abuse of women to such an extent that
Telecinco, the channel where this man is
has been working for several years
It is true that it is the same chain that has been
condemning Rosito for all these
years suddenly now he is condemning him
He is worth it, that is to say, they are doing a
escrache like Twitter threads Well
a total escrache what they haven't said
The judges are telling you Jorge
Javier as I was saying to such an extent that
Telecinco has released a statement today
that no longer have the collaboration of
this man in any of his programs
This is very striking because this
program has been recording for a while
many months it is very striking no and it is
very shameless that they already know what
Rosito's testimony has already been recorded.
They have been listening to it for months.
They have not only interviewed her but
have prepared the best parts and the
have edited to create the documentary by
So the producers already know
what Rosito has told but they have
waited to fire him from work
all this time this man has been
collaborating in programs has participated
in reality shows both he and the daughter who
By the way, they made the whole bed.
The woman is worth because the woman enters the
next week on survivor and me
I imagine that he will have negotiated a cache that
It is not the one that is worth now because now
having her on that show will be worth a lot more
But well, that is another topic that perhaps
Let's try another day, okay, but call me.
a lot of attention or they fire him
Now that feminists have asked for their
cancellation and being fired from work
But if you already knew for months
what was Rocío telling if this
You have been recording the program for months
because now according to what they are saying
some digital notes this would be part
of the agreement for Rocío to decide
record this documentary on Telecinco or
be part of a million euros that says
that will charge for this documentary that
I think it's great that he charges for it because
is that if they are going to pay her a
million telecinco is going to show that 20 times
and well what the hell is there no
coincidence that it has recently come out
some news in which it was commented
that he had some debts with the Treasury
Okay, so this will be good for you.
documentary precisely now but what
balls if this were true which it wouldn't be
I know but according to the media he was fired from
Telecinco: the condition of Fidel and Rocío
Carrasco to make a pact with Basile Sudocus
Basile series is the boss, the fat boss of
Mediaset has already verified this in
other times it seems to be the
objective that is being attempted to be achieved
leaving your ex-partner without a job
ruin him completely and if he doesn't
get it through the courts we do it
by the social The problem is that this is
become a common tool AND
Then we see this in the documentary
lady saying that simply what
She is looking for her husband to leave her alone.
Wait for it to happen to your father.
children just hope that he leaves me
calm down, it seems to me that
No, it doesn't seem to me that
You want to screw up his life by calling me badly
thought I know that many people are
justifying the fact that she goes out
to speak now after so many years
that he has been talking not only
going through all the dishes of
television but also making covers
in a bunch of gossip magazines
something that she apparently doesn't like
mattered you know what happens that my
husband is lucky to be able to live
without working not like you but that makes me
It seems to me that it seems rude that and
It's obvious that you say this because and no
It's nothing serious, you know what you would like
You know what you would like to live
how he lives what happens that you can't
something that now seems to matter to him
quite a lot because from my point of view
one of the purposes that possibly
have she be
give him that way he has of winning
life and it would be silly
deny it he makes his living thanks to
having been the husband of Racidito and having
the children of whoever has them I am
I totally agree that she should leave
to tell your version now because you have to
listen to both parts and Hey do you want
that we do not like gossip and
This is entertaining us a lot
that I see a little contradictory that
come out Speak now after having
said things like this How I came
doing throughout all this time
I will not intervene in any media
communication to deny neither facts nor
opinions expressed about me to the contrary
would be to participate in comments
free loaded with morbid content
Well, it seems that for a million
euro a little more anyone is
willing to give morbid content to
the televisions do not Rocío what I
really worries me It is that this is
become a kind of custom not
That is, when they don't have the results
that you want before the court that
do with social justice not that you
can ruin life and everyone
world cancel you and condemn you Although
several judges have not done so is that
It's incredible and I will repeat it for sure
Antonio David is no saint and there is
made his mistakes about when he was
young man there are things that have been told about him
that there are some with facts, okay. But if the
judge has decided that there is not even
trial I imagine it will be for something like
We have already heard during all these
The documentary has not been recorded for weeks
suddenly the documentary takes
recording for approximately one year or so
At least that's what they say, the thing is that
It was on March 16 that they announced that
came to light, they announced their
premiere with the trailer on the same day as
They put the trailer on the
collaborators and Antonio David himself
but a detail that few people have
fallen It is that this trailer is published on
March 16, 2021 And that's a
Tuesday we are talking about a Tuesday and
Antonio David is not expelled from the
work until Monday, that is, they were
almost a week without firing him from work
Knowing all the good content that
In fact, they knew the content almost immediately.
not a year ago but what is even more
cynical is that after putting and that you
shows more than he doesn't care
[ __ ] gender violence and what not
They are throwing him out because they think that a
abuser and has no place in the
set but they are throwing it out
pressure from the Popular and Por mob
who have gotten involved and how already
I said there is a lot of politics behind this
the thing that is very surprising because
apart from the fact that they announce it on a Tuesday and
Antonio David is not expelled until the
Monday afternoon after the broadcast
of the first two episodes during
all week they continue counting on
Antonio David he goes to work the day
They put the trailer on Tuesday itself
On Wednesday he is going to work during
The four hours are almost entirely about
an interview of Antonio David with his
reaction waiting for the documentary and the
Thursday and Friday he will not work
because it coincides with Father's Day AND
He is also involved with the issue of lawyers and
others and on Monday according to reason
It is not as they have told Telecinco at
3:25 pm receives a call in
the one who is called off without specifying
the reason for not going to work
that day and assuring him that they would look at the
calendar to notify you of Face to the
next few days of that same week a
An hour later Antonio David finds out
directly with Carlota's word
slide that no longer has it
we are talking about something very twisted and
very cynical I don't know if you realize the
seriousness of the matter, that is, they know
the content of the documentary in fact
when Jorge Javier is doing it
interviewed on Wednesday 17th, he states
have already seen some episode of the
documentary I think Carlota Corredera
also saw a preview something by the
style But above all they mention in
many times people from the production company
who has been present at the recording and
who has also seen the documentary already or
they know the content knows what it is going to
count Rocío Carrasco and still they had
to Rocío Flores in survivor with her
father defending him on set they did
light police Olga Moreno and Antonio David
They also went to Sálvame Deluxe as
protagonists hoped to secure
Olga Moreno As a contestant on
survivor who should be valued
also to see if the cache that was negotiated
It was the corresponding one because Claro
I understand that after all this fuss
having it as the survivor should
having had a surely greater cachet
But well, we will never know that, Antonio.
David until the day they announce the
trailer keeps saying it has
planned to be him the one who goes to the set
defending his wife
in survivors
Well, not in principle. Who is going to
I'm going to defend her and what is this?
One of the things that makes me feel bad is
goosebumps is that just one
week before announcing and putting the
trailer of the documentary just and very
casual March 8th, Women's Day
Antonio David is given a cake
little photo of Antonio David, how generous
They are in the TV factory, we are not here
talking about that this is knowing that
within a week they will broadcast the
trailer that you already know the content of this
It is very strong and then also emitting
the trailer took a week to
decide on the work, the issuance of that
designated Tuesday, March 16, in which
They put it on at the last minute at 8, well almost
giving way to the Telecinco news
the Antonio Abi trailer is embarrassing or
It is completely embarrassing if you see
the full program that you can see
On the Telecinco website you go to 16
March and you see the save me save me
Lemon save me orange and save me tomato
You can see how there are whispers not like
There are looks like among them they already know what
that everything is brewing outside of Antonio
David all alien to Antonio's knowledge
David Antonio David I think not even
suspects nothing basically You are going to see
continuation How he was making fun of
him behind his back And if I tell you that there was
people who already knew that Antonio David
I had a few days left on the set in the
job that he performed yes for
what seems there were people who while
that he was sitting there not knowing the
future that awaited him there were people who
He knew he had only a few days left there.
context of these scenes that you are going to see
It's a little while before the trailer and they take to
set to Well I think it's the wife of
Ernesto Neira is not very relevant.
It's just that this woman in a
at a specific moment he confronts Antonio
David because apparently Antonio David
would have spoken about her would have given
some opinions some information
pay close attention to what this woman begins
to tell Antonio David until the
address stops them from returning it to my son
I'm telling you why
you
of a good father a testimony that does not
This lady should be in trouble
Leli Céspedes I think her name is says
have in your possession a testimony that
will bring ruin and the end Antonio
David
But right now, don't leave here without
take it out because if not you will be there
with the shadow that there is something that has
She is very dirty, I think that her attitude is
your colleagues here are not to be highlighted
emphasize what this lady has said and
also put Antonio David to the test
as if saying, hey, don't answer, they don't say
Nothing I am you and I tell him to take it out now
What is it that you have that I have not not you
told not to talk because no no If of
anyway
and you start counting you have very few left
day that begins
What a coincidence What a coincidence that a
a while before and a week before
Antonio David expose it like that, don't let him
do this escrache not this movement
By virtue, sister, I do believe you. No
Sister, I will be with you to the death, not you.
word is the word of God Your word
It is the absolute truth sister, I do you
I believe with you to the death. What a coincidence that
just a week before this lady
He lets his tongue slip and says let's get to it
count you have few days left in this
dish
Cristina's name sounds
She told you that you were the abuser, right?
Be careful what they are talking about
We talked about her today and we mentioned her
on several occasions on the list of
reproduction that I have has played a role
quite ridiculous within what is the
testimony that has been given within everything
This roll is not something that has caught my attention
the attention of this Cristina is and
makes me doubt his testimony and what
that she may have today has put her
account in lock curiously it is worth But
Three days ago he uploaded a video to his
Twitter, thank goodness at least
I took a screenshot This video was her
joking three days ago with a
Awesome joke is worth a friend
I recorded her and she arrived with the car
as if it were the press that stops it
Cristina please give a statement and
she no no no the press no the press no
So seriously you take a case in which
supposedly you have recordings that
would prove that it was true that this
case of abuse has occurred not so
seriously making a parody of What
funny not how it makes you famous and how
the press stops you on the street
[Music]
three four Close the door five six
take the crucifix 7 8 you will never sleep again
with friends like this it has been a favor
Who needs enemies, that is, look at
What a bad place all the testimony leaves
Rosito, this lady is acting so funny.
go but if I think this is
agreed by the program itself if this
It was live, tell me how they have
fitted in putting the music on at the same time
that this lady put on this show
people surfing the networks that already
You know that on the Internet it doesn't disappear
nothing has found this tweet repulsive
from State Cristina Cárdenas that Look
How contemptuously he refers to it
I'm not going to see Rocío Carrasco's son
reproduce the word read it yourselves
careful careful careful
please
Tell me Explain to me please I'm here
Antonio David I see an attitude of a
a person who has nothing to hide
because in fact, Well, it goes a little into
Kiko Hernández's game doesn't start and
to ask him for explanations to tell it
that now he does not throw the stone and hides the
hand
Rocío Carrasco lived in Badalona and
They had it there if you realize when
Lidia Lozano begins to get into the subject
We're going to cut it short so it shuts up.
one thing
that we leave to see okay here comes the
director to tell them to shut up and that
change the subject
to me Why can't they talk about the subject or
whether the woman has made an accusation
he dropped it and left something there
glimpse because you can't ask him to
I clarify it. That is, it doesn't make any sense.
no it wouldn't make any sense if not
knew what they were talking about and if
I didn't know what he was referring to
with the fact that he has only a few days left, no
They would have Why cut it is that never
in save me when they start messing around with
one topic and they release another one, they never start that one
to make them shut up like this
In the next few days you will find out about this
It would be very strong, no, because it really is.
they already had thoughts no or more or less
They were planning to fire him from his job
They should have not fired him from his job
should have warned him in advance
given a few days Or at least I think so
that's how they work in the workplace so no
They can throw you out one day or the next
same day tell you not to go no no
That is to say, it is also always meditated or
they had it, they were brewing it, what
they would have done it very slyly
hold it there for that long to get it out
all the juice to then criminalize it
Tell me from now on if this little number
before putting the trailer on Antonio
David having put it almost all the
collaborators and we say this little number
You guys, if this little number is serious, yes
This little number is taking the abuse as an example.
alleged abuse of a woman not the
feminism the law on gender violence
seriously we say three And this is serious
blindfold him and take him off the set
there as if hitting him by not doing things to him
so that you don't see behind behind the
sell it not laughing the councilor
he takes him by the arm, not like that
laughing between jokes this is not the
seriousness that you have 12 months 12
causes this how involved you are
you and that's why you fired him, right?
because you take these very seriously
pathetic things when they put the
trailer for the documentary Antonio David Ya
almost closing the program in fact
They put on the trailer and have a little fun.
in their reaction no I mean they do a
close-up there but a close-up
very close to the face and they stick there like
six or seven minutes without speaking in
silence with music focusing Antonio
David to see how he reacts yes it is
I really have to say that it seems to me
Antonio's reaction was very accurate
David but I understand her because in that
moment is that I imagine that you
would be super super surprised
He was in shock and didn't know how to react well.
say the right words and
The first thing he does is ask how much he
They have paid, I don't see it as a bit unnecessary
because after 25 years having
been living off this, not talking about it and
from being a collaborator and a character not
also a television personality who has
been telling his life is not the least
indicated to ask how much has
charged, that is, you can charge what you what
They want to give it to us, yes, it is true that we
You're right, but I understand you on that point.
state at that moment of shock I don't think
that man when he got up at night
tomorrow he imagined what would come to him
but one of the things that calls him the most
Antonio David's attention when he sees the
trailer is to remember that before him
have seen almost all of their classmates And
No one has made even a gesture or
a look or rather everyone pretends
perfectly in such a way that he neither
does not even suspect that what is coming to him
that all this little act they have
I was riding all afternoon
related to affecting your family
I congratulate my because none of them
has given me no look that I
I could sense that things were going to go this way
my family matters these congratulations
evidently not ironically Antonio
David, I don't know if you've noticed.
I hope you have noticed in these
days when almost all your classmates are
betrayed So there are no friends there
neither colleagues nor companions nor anything. I mean
that there has been no empathy at all.
I understand that some of them In all
okay, that is to say it is very poorly generalized and
How true that there are some who despite
that it has cost them fights and almost
working assumption They have been maintained
firm and want that no have not supported
this paraphernalia But there is a great
part of colleagues who are
betrayed I mean when I saw the
program for this day, Tuesday, the 16th
March I was amazed and how
some who are criticizing him and who
They are condemning and they are
insulting today and they are
campaigning against him are
there on the set with a good vibe with him
with not so affectionate words
betrayed Antonio David That is, they have not
had principles none have had
principles none or once that
you come back and go neck to neck but go neck to neck and
don't have any regard for one and well the
next day Wednesday March 17 almost
the whole program is good, 90% of the program
This is Javier interviewing Antonio David
with the collaborators afterwards
intervening by asking questions and
the rest no and nothing are already a little
some of them positioned above all
the presenter who claims to have seen
some episodes but despite
leaning against Rocío Carrasco says
several things that call my attention
attention and one thing here that I have
put his hand on his chest at one point
from the interview when Jorge Javier
has the nerve to say that
They will surely have paid for it but that
They may have paid very little but that is why
much that has been paid to Rocío
Carrasco, I don't know what has happened to him.
paid is not a figure because it is
unthinkable that at this time a
television pays for an interview
something close to that million euros that
I can lower your debt, that is,
see what you want us to believe Jorge
Rosita has charged 50 euros per episode
or something like that I this Yes
surely Not surely the girl
They will have given her a sandwich and the suit
They will have been given to him and now the auction is over
It's not that I have been paid little but that
Jorge Javier, like me, seems to be the same.
whether people charge for their work or
It is that this is often criticized
you're not sitting there How much money do you
They will have paid, dad, dad, dad, dad, it's that
In fact, in the documentary itself he is mentioned
criticizes this man for having
profited by telling his life and in the end that
You're going to criticize but let's see if
the chain is generating content
that is entertaining millions of
viewers and they are paying you for it
advertising has to charge is not your
work and then here Jorge Javier
agrees with the same thing I do
saying that he has already accepted because he is
without performing a job and because
Let's not forget that this channel is going to broadcast
several chapters obviously Or the
chain is going to get much more than
that she charges me or that is the network will do it
to issue has in fact issued during
two months plus the interviews more than the
They have filled all the programs
save me and almost all programming
obviously she has to charge
also and it seems to me that the
work is essential for me
work paid for, work done there is
paid work paid work
I think that then we agree
not all the problem The problem is that
the same day the same Wednesday a
A little while later Jorge Javier asks him
Antonio David if he thinks that someone from
The Mohedano family is going to take advantage of this
to go to Plato to answer and win
money and there was now it seems wrong to him
Seriously Antonio, do you think that any member of
The family is going to use this to
make money or yourself I don't know what
others will do it, I will do it, of course
[Music]
Sorry, look at what I'm telling you, that I
This from Jorge Javier laughing and
making fun of themselves because they see little bumps
throughout the program What happens is that
I can't put it all because it would be here
It puts on a 4-hour program but I this
laughing I read him two times, one of them
They of course are laughing at him no
How to call him opportunistic, no, how bad
that money is collected, that it is collected
Pink is fine but they should charge for it
They are wrong but it also passes me by
by the head that could be
laughing at Cantone David says that when
He answers that he will earn money because
Jorge Javier might actually know
something you expect from Antonio
David no and he's laughing like
Saying yes, you will see what you will win
I'm not going to discover anything that you don't know.
you know but you knew very well that both
Rocío like Fidel now that you are here
Speaking about this, I had reported
executives of the television factory or
directors sorry and journalists and
collaborators of the television factory
I don't know how many lawsuits had been filed
But there were a lot of demands
When you meet these people you realize that
In the end they use justice as a
business because with judicial on top
many demands on each of them
trying to gag them trying
restricting their freedom of expression ends
negotiating the withdrawal of those demands
to the people who according to them
They understand that they have violated your rights
honoring your privacy is also doing
a million-dollar business and withdraw those
demands is mind-blowing or it is not
the amount of the sentence is mind-blowing
Well, obviously it could have been
more In fact I could have earned more
money If I had made a deal with Telecinco
so that he would not read the sentence How
Can you explain this because it is very
simple
to Telecinco what most to the factory
What bothers him most is having had to
read the sentence in sálvame and in
Save me deluxe they have done it in the
moments of less audience logical By
another part in salvo as they started and
deluxe salad just before the ones
the credits to finish what is
usually do in these cases
is that through offers offers that do not
can be rejected or actions promises
They start telling you that it wouldn't be good
that sentence be read That is the
way the modus operandi that has to
These people have it then, well, good.
Well, all kinds of things came to me.
streams or all kinds of comments from
third persons of man this is
I could study because well I could
withdraw a significant amount of money
then another of the things that I
They said, "Man, wouldn't you like to go?"
to my island because it is from this
no way you're going to get it
survivors effectively
I recognize that either you don't know me or I
I am a very stubborn guy but that's all for me.
it pissed me off
but above all they buy everyone
world Antonio David has sued us
We to Mediaset Spain and to the
TV factory, the producer of the
documentary series because Antonio David does not
demands dew for everything that is
counting but my soul is that the complaint
for unfair dismissal How the hell is it going to
sue Rocío Carrasco for that you are
Okay, Carlota. So you want to stay.
with us Because you believe that people
Well, don't you believe that people
[ __ ] is not that he takes for granted that the
people who are swallowing your story
Mongolian denounces
Who are you going to report for?
unfair dismissal Carlota is afraid
that the case be reopened and that it be brought back to him
find It will be because it cannot be proven
that Rocío is lying, this is a very
sibylline of playing with the ignorance that
people have by not knowing 100%
how justice works and much more
Be careful, they don't have to either
know it, the common people and the people
that has no problem whatsoever and
who lives very peacefully because she does not have to
what to know about this type of house point
number one Carlota would be totally
stupid that Antonio David sued
Rocío Carrasco for the right to honor or
denounced for slander and was denounced for
right the honor most likely that
lawsuit would be dismissed entirely
because he has been speaking for 25 years
television about the life he has had
with her So now she is
telling her version as she has
lived or as she pleases but
This is not a court, the judge would see it
as an exchange of accusations in a
demand for that style is very important
Not only if what a person
whether what is being told is true or false
that the spirit is looked at more than the intention
that person is counting on
those things and it could perfectly be done
claim that Rocío Carrasco is not
doing with the intention of insulting something else
that each of us have our own opinion
personal but perfectly the judge
I could consider it as encouragement
retorquendy or how do you defend this?
It probably sounds like Chinese to people
but this is how it is when a
person makes a demand on another person
only the fact that if is judged
the accusations or what he is saying
Whether it's true or false, it matters a lot.
the spirit if it were for the right to honor
You probably have more to lose than
win not only because it could be done
reopen the case, that would have to be seen
but because it would file a lawsuit where it is
risk losing the costs would be a
very stupid move because
Clearly he has been on television for years
is and in magazines talking about her
also and in case you put it
a slander lawsuit that in that case
It would be a penalty for the right to honor.
civil and if Antonio David loses on top of that
would have to pay the costs but if
goes for criminal proceedings for slander very
probably wouldn't win either And that's not
I would like to say that what you are saying
Rocío Carrasco, if that is true, I would not want it.
to say that Antonio David was a
abuser for a crime to exist
slander in the legal field has to
there is a person accusing another
a crime with a price to the Reckless
truth with the knowledge that this
the crime he is being charged with is false
We are talking about a case that is the
one's word against the other's are
things in the Family sphere or some
things are public but very
The judge could probably consider
that it is not a slander because Rosito does not
He is accusing him of being reckless
price to the truth but is like it
she has lived it and what she thinks but
anyway that's what we're talking about
of a claim for unfair dismissal
Rocío has nothing to do with this.
Carrasco, we'll see what strategy
Use Antonio David when you finish
The whole documentary already said it. Maybe
I am wrong and yes it can
sue for something or maybe not
Antonio David demands Maybe the
You can sue your own daughter but I
Carlota's arrogance is very funny
slide saying that it's good that it demands
the producer but with Rocío I don't know
dare because what Rocío is saying
It's true, come on, woman. Who do you want?
deceive because you deceive people who do not
understand But I don't know Antonio Montero
He stays on the set, I'm leaving. Okay.
Well, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, I'm not going to allow that
after all we have told and
after everything we have explained
This gentleman allows himself the luxury of calling her bad.
Mother Rocío Carrasco in front of me
[Music]
the presenter of Sálvame expels
several collaborators for not thinking of
according to their ideals And it seems that
anyone who dares to judge
Rocío's version could be faced
to an expulsion from the set you can me
listen that I don't have to convince you
You're welcome, either you let me talk or I have to
throw out of the plate because what I have not
It is allowed that in such a serious matter
for that very reason
it's over
Be very careful. This video is not for
defend Antonio David Flores is worth it
surely done some of the things
that is counting because they are true or
half truths And of course there has
It is clear that Antonio David Flores
He is not a saint, okay, he is a person
which will have had its ups and downs and
more when the young but what is not
It seems correct to me that all this is
move in the spectrum and within the framework of the
gender violence and feminism And if
now you don't dare or you don't want to
condemn Antonio David you are an Executioner or
you are in some way complicit in
I don't like heteropatriarchy
now to condemn Antonio David
simply for a story because
we are only talking about the
testimony of a woman If you don't
the courts have already done so, why
we're going to do it, in fact it makes me
very funny, well thanks, let's see
pathetic one of the final phrases of
Carlota sliding when they finish
broadcast The last episode And it says
Well Rocío Carrasco has already spoken.
has already told his truth the truth and the
There is only one truth now, whoever wants it
continue talking or whoever wants to answer
or whoever wants to come out and say whatever
that he speaks but we already know the truth he knows
as if saying what Rocío has already said
the Bible is already speaking and
dismantling it is no longer valid, it will no longer be valid
because we already know the truth And also
add the truth there is only one earth
It is round and Rocío Carrasco is good
Mother, Carlota gives you that title.
slide is worth Carlota slide is the
who decides whether she is a good mother or a bad one
mother and there is no need to question it eh Me
It's very funny because Carlota
sliding another of the things they say
This program is to be thrown into
I usually make the croquette is that in its
chain allows freedom of opinion
that each one, each collaborator and each
program can can comment on what
want Of course yes that's why in the
program you have selected the
collaborators who are there and who
No one questions Rocío Carrasco, everyone
please for that reason Ana Rosa in her program has
stopped commenting on the documentary
because it was the only program that
I questioned things and what they thought
objectively of the things you were
putting you declared war on him
pink and good because of conflict between
producer has had to stop
give your opinion on the documentary Marta López when
has emerged as a survivor, says he has
received many calls telling him that
Please don't defend Olga again.
Moreno and Jorge Javier Vázquez the judge of
Mediaset telling him that his position is
ridiculous or whatever suits us
It's ridiculous to me it seems that the
I'm making you ridiculous.
made me look at what happened in Sálvame el
another day expelling Here with Matamoros
from the set and calling him ridiculous too
because I was trying to make the point that I didn't
can be published and made public
that way people judge when
is minor
so that this truth does not exist but the
doubt here publicly
It's that the sentence for Rocío Flores
that the sentence has come out of it for
abuse of the mother, that shouldn't have happened
made public that is as if it were not
existed only
I can finish a story I can finish
Please can I finish the specialists?
who have been in the docuseries that
have been on this set etcetera have
described that child as what it was
That child at that moment I am already a
woman one like a victim true
So let's not call it a
Executioner please says Miguel Freyente
that he does not classify her as an Executioner
but what are you talking about Miguel? But yes
You and I don't follow each other on Twitter and I have
seen on a lot of occasions put
things by Rocío Flores
It has nothing to do with the fact that it is now a
public figure Rocío Flores what
whatever she had to do
Being a minor, they cannot expose him
clear
If you continue like this, go smoke because that's what
better that you can do something and start now
to press it from the plate like Charlotte
sliding has done on several occasions
with other collaborators as well
the entire judiciary
that
the law that does not protect minors
that not the ridiculous What are you doing the
Absolutely ridiculous what they are trying to do
make it worth it And this is not only Jorge
Javier but they have also done it
all the progress on Twitter and in the
social networks and the people who support
Rocío Carrasco is trying to discredit
To that judge, to Judge Calatayuu, how good
He came out saying on a radio program
The other day as you saw in videos
my previous ones which is the law of the minor
protects that these things do not come out
light I don't know how the attorney general's office
of the state or even the girl herself has not
no complaint has been filed against the
mother because he is violating her privacy
Well, what they do is take one
occasion in 2017 where this man had
a very unfortunate comment that
Now I'm going to explain to you
discredit everything he says and this is not
That's right. That man could have had a
very unfortunate comment in 2017
But that does not mean that everything that
say in life it is useless no no let's not mix
bacon with speed one thing that
that man in 2017 in a live broadcast already
We know that live everyone
we can put our foot in it, we make mistakes
the time to express ourselves and make a
unfortunate comment and another thing is
that he is not right in the law in what
is saying about the juvenile law
unfortunate comment he made
It has nothing to do with the juvenile law
That man went and when he got the
The position of judge is because one knows the law
Well, no, what that man says is that the
Juvenile law protects that this sentence
minors do not go public
They can publish it as if it didn't exist.
when they are older, a sentence that
sentenced a minor
That is totally punishable to me.
The prosecution should have taken action
the matter because it can do that is
punishable in what sense What problem does it have?
can lead to because there are times when
These people, of course, television is a business.
that moves millions and millions of euros
There are times when they prefer to take risks than
come what may, yes, but it is that
Here we are faced with a revelation of
secrets in the face of the violation of the
intimacy of a person who was older
of age
terms that are uncertain minors
of age have no criminal record
Even if they are condemned, you cannot
talk about a sentence of a girl
when I was 15 years old Knowing the
public lynching that is going to take place
who is now a woman and
affectation that may have the
convictions of minors
They are extremely but extremely
protected by the judicial system And not
must never leave the judicial sphere
because we are talking about minors and their
right to privacy is this
very strongly protected by our
legislation, that is to say, having done that to me
It seems like an aberration, okay? And I'm talking to you.
As a lawyer and as unfortunate as it may be
was the comment he made in 2017 no
we can hold on to that to
discredit what he is saying now
that man's comment from 2017
Basically it was this one you are seeing
on screen that the truth is very ugly I
As always I like to see the context of
the things that program that is uploaded to
internet and really even if you have that
comment on what he is saying
man what man wants to explain
It's not bad, that's actually the man.
What is being talked about in that program is
one thing we all stand for in this
channel and It is about the overlapping of the
Minors on the Internet and how there are girls
It's worth the problem that man has in
That comment apart from the fact that it sounds very
It is wrong to generalize but that man
who is criticizing is like girls and
how there are minors who due to lack of
their parents' attention begins to rise
photos to your social networks that are
totally inappropriate And this is a
reality, that is, the man expressed himself
fatal but what he meant is not that
all minors who have to go
covers that cannot be put on
shorts or something like that
Because that is a pug, not a man.
that he was criticizing on the show and
You can look it up on the internet.
criticizing something that we have also
criticized here and you all agree
I agree that we must be aware of what
that Minors publish on the Internet
overexposure of minors and falls
minors who due to lack of attention from their
Parents have posted very explicit messages
that attack themselves in the
social networks and that has then brought them
problems because there are very sick people
on the internet and because once you
you post a photo on the internet that photo
It belongs to the public domain, that's what it is
that the man was speaking who then
later he realizes the nonsense that
has said and the way he has had of
express yourself and ask for forgiveness but that is not it
They talk but anyway it is that
That man's mistake is worth that comment
unfortunate that can happen to you
anyone being live
you can't edit it okay or when
We are in a recorded video then
surely you cut here you cut there like
what have you done with the documentary?
Ok, the documentary has been reissued in
several occasions to get rid of
legal problems No, that man for
much that I have screwed him in that
commentary Does not discredit everything that
is now saying about the law of
minor but if you want to discredit yourself
man is not the only judge who is
talking about that topic is not the only one
judge who has come out to the media to say
that you can't do that with a minor
that you can't do that with the
sentence of a person when he was
minor another judge for example who has said
The same is true of the Taín judge. What happens is that
Jorge has not left here with Matamoros
speak but also surely
they would have started looking in the
newspaper archives any comments
Judge Time's unfortunate decision to
discredit what they say that they do not
It interests them but as I said, it is
that has nothing to do with speed
With the bacon that man made a
unfortunate comment yes what is
saying it now is a lie no but
Allow me, Carlota, to slide, that if
We talk about freedom of expression in your
programs and your collaborators put it
in doubt now because of the attitudes we have
seen in the programs already by the
moves we have seen from some
collaborators already seeing the
collaborators that you bring to your own
documentary and for example I'm going to tell you
remember this that you say in a
radio interview not long ago eh la
information
he is referring not to see
obviously but that is very is very
Obviously not. I mean, I have faced it.
many times with Montero who says no
Montero is a collaborator of boxing
save me with the one you have already argued with
both she and Jorge Javier for their
political ideals ok Montero I think
is a voter of voice or ideology
Vox that questions, not that they question
many things that have to do with it
voice speech with feminism and that
is a person with whom I have a
perfect relationship and we have worked on
Antena 3 we have worked in Telecinco and
nothing happens no but when he says
nonsense, I'm not going to stay
quiet and if I have to stand up
how I stand up and then get scolded
Why don't you get like that? Okay.
I put myself as I consider that I have to
put no and there are things that I don't know about
can especially because he sees us a lot
people don't and there are people who think like him
but people who think how it should be done
tell him no, that's not it. Of course, people
who thinks like him must be told that
that's not right that's not right
Carlota Corredera does not allow you to do so.
next time I'm going to have my opinion
and my political ideology I will
ask Carlota Corredera to see if
I can or I can't. That's the freedom of
expression of Carlota Corredera
he is a bad father
I'm not going to allow that after all that
that we have told and after all that
that we have explained This gentleman is
allow me the luxury of calling you a bad mother, Rocío.
Carrasco in front of me I'm not going to do it
allow and you will tell me if in
This program is letting you have your say
freely or not Look how it gets
flowers that have been returned to the children
with bruises Antonio has told you
children with hearts
He told me that they returned it to him.
to children as
Don't let me pass, you're making a mistake
Because I also told you and you are
saying that he's going to report it. Look how
I don't know if Carlota is put after
This documentary wants to be given the
Feminist of the Year Award or a
Antonio David's demand from the people
also
You will listen to her, you will empathize or not
you will empathize
Rocío Carrasco did not give either.
word of God Nor does it have the
absolute truth [ __ ] Jorge is listening to you
Carlota corredera saying this and you
he kicks you out of the plate or he kicks you out, the guy leaves
she will free them with her testimony
and to others that will leave them cold, that is what
I want to tell you that I'm not coming here
to point out that you are the bad one and the other one is the bad one
Good I think you have it clear but
I think that sometimes you forget
I think that sometimes you forget, I don't
I'm here to impose you have the good
And who is the bad guy?
When I speak of censorship in quotation marks
I talk about things like this but never
We will not give voice to the deniers nor
Rocío nor of gender violence this
that he will not give voice to the
denialists nor of the violence of
genre that's good this In part there are people
who rightly does not think that he should
gender violence exists as such
but violence is violence without
no matter the reason, the reasons
orientation and on the other hand it calls me
attention that says that he is not going to give voice to
Rocío's deniers that
It means that we have to
believe it for balls since we are here
forced to believe the [ __ ] thing that
I'm not saying or telling the truth
not even lying but people will be in their
right not because the earth is round and
Rocio is a victim I love this one
analogy in which he puts the thing about the earth
It is round and Rocío is a victim because
I've already said it when you're calling
someone victim you are trying to say
that there is a victimizer and justice By
the moment has not decided it like this at this time
country when we are saying a victim
There is a rule of law and abuse
That case is provisionally closed
provisionally archived does not exist
Jesús Manuel yes it is true that here
Jesús Manuel is wrong with his
words because the correct way to
calling him would be provisionally dismissed
provisionally but nothing happens either
in which it says provisionally archived
seeing the word archived is usually
use definitely when it is
archived not provisionally but
archived But it's okay because there are
some judges and lawyers who even
They mention it like this on some occasions
has been provisionally dismissed as
many, many, many
It is true that the files are the
99.9% of the files are provisional
In this country they are never provisional.
makes a definitive file for that
If one day someone appears, there is no doubt
no problem with it being called a file
as long as it says provisional But let's go
Yes, it is true that the correct way
Calling him would be about tracking
provisional what shocks me is what
You will hear below whose
report the case or let me talk or
I have to throw you out of the plate because
What has not allowed me is that you leave me
speaking threatens to throw him off the plate
right What is each one can say
that he feels like it, no matter how hard you are.
that to give an opinion is not that by balls uncle or
It means that you cannot question the
Rocio's word you already know since
We begin to tell Rocío's story
Carrasco the deniers Call
denialist seems to me to be a very
light worth because denialist is something
broader non-denialists are people
who do not believe, for example, in a virus
I don't know, it seems quite exaggerated to me now.
more denialists simply to the
people who don't believe this lady
you can believe in the violence of
gender there are many people on the left who
They don't support Rocío Carrasco if you leave.
from Telecinco and you go to the networks
Facebook Twitter and things like that you see the
reality You can believe the evidence
I, for example, do not think that gender
That law is well made, okay. I think so.
That law is unconstitutional because it goes
against the Constitution That is to say the
Constitution basically tells you no
There may be laws that discriminate against
no one because of their race, their gender and for
To me, that law discriminates against men.
benefits women in that
Well, a testimony can already serve you
as proof not for me and be very careful
because the pros come and say yes
You don't believe that violence exists
you are in favor of hitting them
women or something like that, I'll do it
I think that violence is violence
you can always call her either
family can but violence of
gender not violence is violence and
She must be judged and condemned.
from one who comes from a man to a man
from a woman to a woman from a man to
a woman However, she is but already another
thing would be that you simply did not
you believe Rocío Carrasco you can not
love Rocío Carrasco and believe in the
gender violence not Or think that it is
that law is valid simply because you do not
You believe it. That's not the denier.
Carlota corredera those who deny her in
television, radio and the press
They strive every day to put it in
a very perverse circle let's see what
perverse is yes Rocío Carrasco does not speak
It's because he has something to hide but
If Rocío Carrasco speaks then it is
because he does it for money and if he
She assures that she has not asked for money
then the same ones tell you why
revenge what I think of this
documentary I have said it many times and
I emphasize again, okay, I'm not getting off the
donkey for me this documentary is the
result of not having had success
judicial that would have wanted vale has not
achieved results she wanted
the courts and then what do we do then?
We condemn Antonio David with justice
media we condemn it mediatically and
popularly that he did it for
money no so I consider both
things that he has wanted to beat up
Antonio David and that on the other hand between
there is a rather large amount of money that is not
It's bad, no, I'm not saying it is.
done solely for money but hey
that money that job no longer exists
I'm going to generate it, I'll take it with me and I'll see it.
Well, I don't see it as bad, you are the ones who
You are always criticizing so that
He does it for money that he charges money but
They are simply the reasons why
I think this documentary has been moved
I don't see anything wrong with Rocío Carrasco
says that her ex-husband Malta her Then
the presumption of innocence is violated
because there is no sentence that
I confirm that it is literally like that.
so it is literally like that
sliding is that it is literally like this
but not Rocío Carrasco because she
You can live like this as I have explained to you
A little while ago she was no longer Rocío Carrasco
It's you and the feminist elite of the
program and that man is not condemned
after the case has gone through
the hands of several judges are surely
much more prepared than you and have
decided to provisionally archive or
the case was provisionally dismissed
You can condemn him for mistreating
It is not abuse, it is just that you are
complaining as if it were something incredible
that people ask for the presumption of
the is that it is literally like that if it is
you are calling her wrong or you are treating her
to her as a victim if there is a victim there is
a victimizer therefore you are
passing through the arch the presumption of
innocence is that it is literally like that no
I understand the complaint, but yes, Rocío
Carrasco Proves with a sentence that his
daughter abused her then she is a bad mother
because telling that is not something that is done to a person
daughter I'm not saying that she's a bad mother or
Good mother, I'm not going to judge that.
but it seems unnecessary to me to tell
That daughter thing just made a
analogy that has absolutely nothing
what to see I don't understand what form of
try to convince people this or that is
is that if I skip the presumption of
innocence you complain but if I show it
condemnation of a thing that is condemned but
which is private and is also of a minor
It is clear to you that it is that
I literally complain that you jump the
presumption of innocence of a man and
I also complain that you put
unnecessarily and put at the feet of
the horses unnecessarily to your daughter
the one you're supposed to want to protect
that is not comparable this analogy is not
Okay, Carlota Corredera, you won't give it to me.
You can give it to whoever wants it, but not to me.
You teach a sentence by Antonio
David Flores is condemned, no one is going to go there.
complain there no one is going to say Oh No
teach this there, no one will complain
but you are comparing me to what you know
He calls him the abused without a sentence with
that the daughter's sentence be taught
that healthy is worth it the analogy would be that
people are complaining that he doesn't
is condemned but then she
teach the condemnation but the condemnation of him
and teach no one to condemn him
would complain they are complaining because it is
teaching the daughter's condemnation
daughter's privacy Who loves you
Carlota is sliding It's that I don't
Give it to me if Rocío Carrasco speaks
calm and serene is insensitive
But if she cries she's a fake, right?
Simply me as a skeptical person
And as a person who has criteria I am
in my complete right that it is nothing
illegal to believe it or not to believe it I don't
I'm calling her fake, they're reporting her as fake.
and that it is one thing nor the other, no, no, I
I'm not pointing fingers at anyone for anything.
I just say that I don't believe it
because I don't believe it because there is
contradictions such as, for example, a
day the house the girl mentions is the one
from Miami and the girl is sitting on the
staircase and in other recordings we see
That the girl pronounced the house was the
from Madrid and like those dozens of dozens
that we have seen some of them in my
videos here we have Rocío Carrasco
but if you allow me to play this
game let's improvise a cinema without
tacky because of Carlota's Sorry about that
Rocío Carrasco is doing very well, she has made me feel very well.
It has become very clear what the position is
but to play the game of not being
denialist I want to play with others
people who I don't know if you've heard of
We can start with this one, does it sound familiar? I don't know.
you suffer from sudden amnesia was this
girl in her early 20s came in with
take a program called great
Big Brother Revolution in 2017
and you know what happened, because it happened that a
November 4, 2017 I think it was a
Sunday after a party where they
He felt bad about what was then his
couple accompanied to the bed and
taking advantage of his status
drunkenness and his inability to
defend herself against the abuse of the program
Well, I had two options: not to intervene or
let that happen did not intervene and
not only that when they later gave
account of the scope of what happened
They decided to take this girl who didn't
I had no idea what had happened
because he didn't remember anything at that time
moment they locked her in a room alone
without knowing what she was facing
with no one in his circle who could
give him emotional support by recording and
They showed the images of that abuse
sexual I don't say alleged you know why not
I say presumed because I am not
denialist I am not a denialist
then it is not alleged to this girl
they worked I don't care if the topic is in
a judicial state because I have already
taken part in everything with which this
girl who by the way a few days ago
He has also slipped that the chain when
He did the castings and the tests, he knew
that had already suffered an aviation of
little one let all this happen And
In addition, they subjected him to that practice
horrible psychological and as I am not
denialist because Carlota tells me that
I am not a denialist. I only have one left.
verdict the network and the production company are you
some channels are guilty and some
unfortunate literal phrase of Carlota
sliding eh literal phrase Rocío
Carrasco has always tried to keep
his children away from the media is because
Antonio David's fault or thanks to Antonio
David for what his children become
media personalities you can literally
see in the documentary he says it Just like I do
I think the sliding note is that
That's good, that's what I think is not that
It's literally a lie, Carlota.
slide says that Rocío Carrasco
always tried to support his children
away from the media and then I want
remind you of exclusives like this
first photographs of Rocío Jurado with
her granddaughter Rocío Carrasco and her husband
Antonio David Flores First Christmas
with her daughter Rocío Carrasco awaits her
second son I think this is exposing
their children in the media
communication a little bit no I mean a
a little bit yes
first photograph of Rocío's daughter
Rocío Carrasco and Antonio David Flores
My goodness, but here the girl
has days is that a little more
The Rocío delivery room carries the press
Jurado attended the first communion of
her niece Rocío Rocío Carrasco and
Antonio David Flores with his newborn son
born good These are just a few
examples okay These are just a few
examples what you are saying lies
So literally these are just
some examples would have to be found and
we should continue looking for more covers
some television program some
report that there will surely be and also
It makes me laugh a lot because this
Rocío Carrasco confirms in the same
documentary when the daughter goes to
survivor becoming still
a more media-friendly and more popular person
Take Rocío Carrasco and affirm that I can
to assure that this was not because she
He wanted to, but what are you going to say, Rocío?
Carrasco But how are you going to be able to?
guarantee nothing but if you have been there for a decade
You haven't known your daughter for a decade.
without knowing your daughter, without living with her
without talking to her how are you going to ensure
nothing else phrase from Carlota Corredera
Rocío Carrasco's literal testimony
it has changed our lives it has changed us
Life to everyone yes Carlota Well to me
It's changed life in a crazy way, huh?
I suddenly had a car that was
gasoline and yesterday I went down to the garage and thank you
to the testimony of Rocío now diesel
Antonio David has run over the life of
her ex and that of her children
surely he is one of the most
objectives that can address this issue
It has absolutely nothing to do with anything
that they were invited to the wedding
from Rocío Carrasco and Carlota
Corredera is a very reliable person, okay?
is a person who wrote a book
giving encouragement to all people to
that they could lose weight with phrases like
If I could, you can too.
willpower cannot be bought with
money that had lost 65 kilos with
diet and exercise but then it was revealed
In some media no and
She herself, according to this medium, communicates it
that he would have had liposuction and a
breast lift that he did not do
a little bit of cheating no Hey yes I can
You can too, I would have loved to.
also find the Clear that makes
Reference this tweeter I know what it is
That's because one day my house flooded
rear all week we have
heard Charlotte sliding, releasing pearls
like for example you haven't been able to sleep
all night thinking that Antonio
David was going to continue working on the
program and I'm going to confess it now
publicly that I have not said it all the
week cries night from Sunday to Monday
I didn't sleep thinking that Antonio David was coming
to work and I even presented
He went so far as to say that all the people who
[ __ ] to the program and that it is
criticizing and such that everything is a bomb
of smoke to cover and so that it does not
talk about the PP's corruption cases
as is in the media from here from
Mediaset because it's a smokescreen
to cover up the Bárcenas trial
I tell you this because it is important that
let us also know that we also know that
Maybe we are the squid ink for
cover my point rajoy well let's go with that
the world is good and communicated
report
of all this Latina and also use Carlota
The slide has not only been releasing
this kind of pearls while we were watching
the program throughout this week
but has also been responsible for
confront each of the
collaborators who not only put in
doubts Rocío Carrasco's testimony
but they even dared to put in
Minister Irene Montero questioned
Please, and look, I don't understand the
need that you suddenly have now l5
when he has been during all these
years questioning the
Rosito's testimony is not only that
but let us remember that they have not thrown
from Antonio David's work until
Feminists have asked for it because the
They had recorded the program a while ago
months almost a year it is said and for example
during all these years they have made him
several Antonio David flower pens
in which the polygraph always gave for
Is your version true then? I wonder.
Telecinco Which of your versions is it?
the one that must be believed without any desire for truth
without any intention of offending anyone, okay
without any intention of putting in any
I'm pressing no one, I wanted to ask you
Telecinco for this 2011 polygraph
Antonio David In this polygraph of
Antonio David is asked several questions
that I have noted here because
Obviously I can't issue it here.
complete program that there are things that I
They have taken me out of my mind, no then
From here I ask you, I ask you something
clarification to Telecinco regarding this
because I wouldn't like to be thought badly and
think that they are deceiving the
audience not that they are making fun of it
of her manipulating and making them believe
whatever they want you to believe in each
moment according to their convenience you have not
once mistreated Rocío Carrasco
answered
I'm just totally confused
Telecinco because in this polygraph in
2011 not only did you ask this question
No, I don't think it's the most important one.
but you also did other things to him
questions like this that we see in
screen made life impossible for
Rocío Carrasco when you were married
as Rocío Jurado hinted in a
Argentine television program and
He also says no and you also tell him
who was telling the truth on this polygraph
It also turns out that Rocío
Jury had signed to be calm
before his death because his grandchildren
were left in the care of Antonio David
You ask Antonio David if he was looking for fame.
or money on purpose by keeping a
relationship with Rocío Carrasco he answers
no and you tell him that he was telling the truth
You ask Antonio David if he
It is known that Rocío Carrasco began her
relationship with Fidel when they were still
married he says yes you tell him
that it is true phone your daughter
hidden when she lived with her mother
because it was the only way you had to
contact her
Antonio David says yes Conchita that
The deluxe cop says he tells the truth that
Rocío Jurado called you on several occasions
occasions and I told you to come see your
children before David says yes
Conchita says the policeman has seen the light
the truth Jorge Javier Vázquez the series
documentary about Rocío Carrasco is a
life story that pushes us to
question ourselves why we are so little
in solidarity with what is happening to
too many women in the world and with
These women because we were not
Jorge in solidarity in the same way
[Applause]
You are one of the dirtiest people I
has been through the history of Sálvame
delux goodbye
Please, stop it, you don't even have a microphone.
no camera Here the race ends from
This lady man is already fine
how disgusting my God how disgusting how disgusting what
disgust María Patiño says I have a son
and I will always want that if one day the
accuse him of something like that, do not condemn him and
be presumed innocent of what
Kiko Hernández answered I have two
daughters and I want them to never go through what
What has happened Rocío Carrasco? I'm going to
answer this and I'm not even in
Contrary to what one has said, neither in
against what the other me has said
I have a boy and a girl so no
I don't want my son to be with me tomorrow.
his presumption of innocence is ignored
and they can put him in the dungeon for a
something that has not been done simply with
the testimony of a woman and I don't either
I would like justice not to be done if
someday something will happen to you
bad experience for my daughter Therefore
what needs to be done is a point
intermediate and of course vote for
parties that increase and are taken more into account
serious sentences for abusers
and report rapists all the time
world can denounce for whatever it wants
Another thing is what the judges determine
that we have to take it seriously
Simply because it is the testimony of
a woman and a woman's word no
It may be according to several media outlets
Fidel was denounced on several front pages
for mistreatment of Rosito that
She supposedly did not file the complaint
It was put there by a former employee of the second
the version of State Irma Gómez and according to
The press tells us that Fidel called Rocío
Mongolian mentally [ __ ] in cases
that she did not think like him and in two
occasions as a result of these discussions
we had to pick up the kids and
to go to Mother's house I had to
throw away a smashed television three
bed base slats and a cardboard box
in which there were Fidel's clothes cut to
pieces and they didn't let them go up to the floor
to Rocío Jurado according to these accounts
media Okay and I say according to
They tell because I don't know the veracity of either
this complaint or what happened next
I have been trying to find the sentence
or the sentence but I can't find it in
none of the courts that say the
media these not this
It appeared in Hola in several magazines
heart the complaint was not admitted
procedure due to lack of evidence and of it
requested precautionary measures to prevent
that the complainant was a film set
television in addition to suing her for
libel and slander the court ruled to
favor of the nanny absolving her of the
crimes so that you can be acquitted of one
accusation of slander and libel have
that several things can happen
the judge that you have not done it with spirit
to insult and in the case of
slander that can prove what
you are saying or that the judge determines
that you were completely convinced
that these crimes existed even if they were not
actually existed Fidel resorted to
the provincial court but finally
decided to drop the charges so
Inma Gómez remembered years later in a
interview with the gossipmonger and about him
appealed in the second instance but after a
conversation I had with them decided
drop the charges, all according to the
press is worth what I mean by this
is that we have to believe all the
women who report or we have to
to listen to the judges is nothing more than
There was a very bad thing said about Fidel's partner
Rosito currently told this by Amador
Mohedano in an interview he did, I think
that was in save me And it is that both Fidel
like Rosito they addressed Gloria Camila
and to José Fernando who was heading by air
as immigrants contemptuously
Amador told this, I don't know what happened
But Telecinco won't remind you.
one of the things I can't stop
comment on this video is the fact that
that one day this week appeared in
Malaga according to Antonio David and
Rocío flowers as they have told in several
television programs and in various
press releases about 500 posters for the
province of Malaga that surrounded the
neighborhood the area where you have your business
the area of ​​his little daughter's school
with Antonio David's face under a
sign that said maltador apparently
parents of schoolmates
Antonio David Olga's youngest daughter
They were tearing down these posters
before they came into view of the
Kids, this is worth it. I find this incredible.
It seems to me to take someone and burn him in
the town square literally if this
It is true that it has happened that apparently
Rocío Flores and Antonio David would have already
filed the corresponding complaint if
If they caught the culprit, he would drop it
hair this would entail compensation
of three pairs of balls the thing is that
If this were true, it seems to me
completely outrageous and shameful to me
It seems that justice has to take
cards in the matter and stop that
documentary at once because it is that
we are one step away from physical aggression
That is to say, this man will go any day
the street and crosses paths with a person who
have some impulse problem and
attack, harass, or point out Antonio David
flowers with abuser posters nearby
from her daughter's school those of the
The 8-year-old girl's classmates had
to remove the posters and if it doesn't seem
it is of little importance that there is
past this the worst one of the worst
things is that there are people putting it in
There are people who say that this is the case
They are inventing and they have put a
false accusation to play the victim
So these people are denying
to this fact and that is putting into question
the word Antonio David and Rocío
flowers in this case I will answer them
with the words of Carlota Corredera
It would be nice if you said that I am
This woman, a denier, has given him 18
demands his ex-partner and the couple
current of his ex-partner and of all have
emerged victorious except for one that
put recently when he entered great
brother about the issue of seizing his
salary in short an economic move but
the other demands have been by right
to honor and gender violence that
She put it on in 2017 and tried
reopen it on some occasions And it is
acquitted in this clip I'm going to put you
the entire path would be step by step
that has had that demand until today
Today, March 27, 2017, she comes
to the court of gender violence for
ratifying the claim is worth a distance
In March 18 they admit him, they admit him
that they see signs of abuse there
psychological the rest are filed
crimes are worth it he resorts to
a female judge against Antonio
David But there are resources Here is the
provisional dismissal appeal that
implies
in November 18, overthrow
provisional implies that if there are new
new facts and new evidence
can reopen the case but she
listen to me she resorts to resource of
cassation they say there is no place for
appeal to cassation appeals to the Supreme Court on
the cassation the complaint there is no place for
complaint as there is dismissal
provisional And this is at the beginning
from the 19th when Big Brother appears and
that event occurs, try to reopen the
case adding to the report when she
He says that it will be taken to court, now we will talk.
about this Big Brother thing and when
you try to reopen the incident in the
hospital is because she is taking it to court
trying to reopen the case attempts
reopen the case that is being brought to court
sorry
further in more detail but she
attempts to reopen the case of violence
gender with a report from the Doctor in the
that she has tried to commit suicide
It seems she tries to commit suicide because
finds out that his ex-partner is going to big
brother and his daughter on set to defend him
and of course this when it reaches the courts
The judge says okay. It could have happened to you.
This is because you are wrong but you have to
see this with gender violence and not
They open it and tell me there is no room. They tell him
that there is no place
appeals appeals to the hearing on 30th
September 20 they tell him that there is no
place to reopen the case is here
It's all in favor of Antonio David no
there is a causal relationship between the behavior of
Antonio David and the sufferings
Rocío's psychological Here is everything there is
psychological disorders of course
There are some tremendous reports on the subject of
the psychological reports that speak
okay, they show the papers in the
documentary and that everyone knows it
takes as irrefutable proof I in
the moment that had been going on for five minutes
documentary was already making me look like a stick
that was going to be typical, no, that if I have
trauma that I do have psychological fact
that if a psychiatrist has seen me
The same always applies. And yes, obviously.
If you are given this diagnosis, you present a
set of anxious-depressive symptoms
of moderate to severe intensity it has
okay is a person who is wrong according to
the psychiatrist who does have this
He has the diagnosis but he doesn't want it
I can say that I have it for abuse.
go to the psychiatrist because I'm sick because
I'm going through a bad time in my life
life and they can diagnose me with the same thing
in fact if you are going through a bad
stage a bad family situation died
the mother can be a lot of things
for anyone who may be for the
serious family situation that presents and
with the statements that are being made
making it on television but that
This does not affirm that this diagnosis
I have it for abuse, I explain it for
everyone who believes that this is
a totally irrefutable proof as
saying is that you have it that you have it
that the psychiatrist has a part in this
does not point to anyone as an abuser, I'm going to tell you
to put a part that is the truth
that I loved it I have to
comment with you because it is
wonderful You know that in many
Occasionally, collaborators of
television and people on the street, well
has questioned and wondered
much that how is it possible that a mother
even though he can't see his ex-partner
want to see in prison have so much
determination to see in the prison in which he is
put the father of her children in jail
because it is obvious that they are going to suffer from that
her own children and this woman says that
that's not so that's not that she
wants to see in prison in fact he says
that she did not report him for violence
gender Yes yes he says it I do not denounce
This person is for gender violence
the court that sends my complaint to
gender violence in Alcubendas is
wonderful it's true eh or so it has it
well set up things as if you were going to
hairdresser and your father comes and says to you Hey
Boy, how well the barber cut your hair
How good he has left you and you say no
No, the hairdresser didn't shave me.
peeled her scissors let's see Rocío
Carrasco, you know very well and you will know it.
surely better than me in Spain
There is this law of violence
genre that for me is totally
unconstitutional Not because I am in favor
in favor of aggression or of
violence or any nonsense if I am
totally against any
violence of any aggression of
any abuse but I do not consider that
that has to be called violence of
gender that has to be called violence
and it has to be the same crime played
in the same way as between a man and
a man between a woman and a woman
enter a woman to her ex-partner or enter
a man to his partner and it turns out that
at the moment you report a
aggression, whether physical or psychological, towards another
person if that person is your partner or your
ex-partner automatically goes for
gender violence, that is, when you
you are reporting that you know
perfectly that it will go by violence
gender because that's how it is in Spain
If they report me, my neighbor won't go for it.
gender violence my neighbor goes to
court sues me because it has
insulted or because the fact whatever and
It is a complaint for insult by
vexations for injury for what you
you want but if my wife or my does it
couple goes for gender violence that
true but then with the thing about the
uprising comes back to is
wonderful don't tell me this isn't
wonderful don't tell me that this
movie is no better than Disney than her
He doesn't want to put him in jail, which is
jail whoever wants Antonio David No
I have not asked for jail, I have reported
a fact that is accompanied by being
guilty of a prison sentence of liberty
I have not asked for a part, I have not asked for a part
jail I just am
reporting for something that has
jail but it's that three Doritos later
only a few minutes later in the
same documentary eh on the same channel
It's that without going to publicity or anything like that
through dry hoops your lawyer says the same
following
three years and very late 20 months passed
12 euros a day we are
provisionally requesting the same 4
years of prison we are living the 20
months of fine one reason
But well, back to the topic of
alleged abuse for balls for
They [ __ ] want this to be abuse
There is a moment in the episode where
Rocio says it is because the judges
They doubt my word, I don't know why.
judges do not condemn him if it is mine
It has been public, everyone has
seen and puts this sequence of
images as if this sequence of
images were gender violence
the life she is leading is not of
the most advisable thing is not because it would have to
to do would be to dedicate oneself to working in
seriously, he is already paying attention to his children.
a person who has made me
a lot of damage and continues to do damage to
My children, I am not the father of two children
of the rents and that they have each
month four days the responsibility of the
What am I going to tell you, it hasn't arrived yet
to experience it when a mother is a
mother that's what a mother has to do
mother and it is a mother's obligation
I have been away from the life of five years
Rocío I don't know where they sleep and how she does it
nor does he care how he gets up
absolutely nothing, so let's see.
I don't get involved anymore if it's good or bad
He is obviously speaking badly of
She no longer interferes with me if it is true.
What Antonio David says or is it not true?
This in any case would have to be seen and
They are defamations and they are
things that are lies and we would have to see
the context of what is being told within the
program but if he is working on
that program where he is a collaborator or
interviewee is talking about his life
because in the end it is also your life
talking about her but what she has
lived with him and she is a character
super media public that has made
magazine covers where he talks about his
life with consent would have to
assess whether there is any injury if there is
any defamation or something that violates your
right to honor and privacy, which
you want but we are going to call abuse
This is something that doesn't fit me.
head, I mean, it really doesn't fit in my head
head that you may like more or less
It may bother you more or less that it is
speak badly of you that they are taking out
certain things that they don't want to be
speak but call me to a person
speak badly of you, it makes sense, a bad top
For me it is another thing if you had me
I posted some images in which Antonio
David has a vein here in his forehead.
with the vein in his neck insulting her
putting it like 200 rags
threatening her on the show in front of
everyone shouting and swearing loudly
saying more serious things but the fact
that he is speaking ill of her for the
bad experience you have had with
she or whatever abuse no eh You already
I say, we would have to see if there is any
violation of the rights of honor or
of intimacy but abuse not one of
the strongest points in the program
last night was the subject of the alleged episode
in which Antonio David supposedly
would have taken rice in his hands and
I would have tried to pull out this window
What are you seeing in these photos?
took in Holland the nightgown had a
very large window and then to the
left of the room had a
window and then he grabbed my nightgown
and he pulled me halfway out of the body
window and my stomach was hitting me
the one on the edge of the window let me go
quickly And then he regarding that
episode He says that it can't be that that
episode was never real and that could not
It could be because there were some bars in that
window that grille was put in the year 2010
and the proof is this, let's see, gentlemen, very
Pay attention to this, this topic is quite
complicated I don't know what to think But you are going to
freak out, they send me this photo, okay, it's fine
uploaded to a website that
It is supposedly dated in the year
2005 This is obviously not very reliable
because it is simply the title of the
photo and the person who posted it
There could have been a mistake, I asked him in
computer scientist who checks the metadata
from the image uploaded to the internet and in the
metadata also tells you 2005 but
Of course I don't know how reliable this is.
But here we see the window with a bar, okay?
The thing is that if we come to Google
Maps is where we can navigate through the
street where the old house is
Rocío Jurado in Chipiona we are going to
this window and we see how in 2018 it has
The fence in 2016 also has some here
tiles that fell in 2013 also have it
Ok if we go to 2008 in 2008 it doesn't have
bars that window is okay that window is not
has a fence So it is true that the
rest of the house some have and others
no So this is very very very
strange Also we see that the bars
that the rest of the house has are
similar to the model that would be put on it
then I imagine that to follow the
aesthetics So up to here we could
Antonio David has lied to the host
say that the window had bars but
clear what has happened what has
It was at the last minute that they sent me
which is a report by Rocío Jurado
old report where we see her
showing the house no photos are taken
posing in various places in the house and
We see this photo where some windows
Some have bars and others don't, as far as I understand.
that the windows that do not have bars are
because they do not give directly to the floor of
down okay but they have like a like
a kind of patio Then there is no
danger would not seem like a good idea to me
nothing having a small daughter at home and
having children at home that we remember
that later there was Gloria Camila and José
Fernando, I wouldn't think it was a good idea.
remove the bars from those windows but
Now you're going to be amazed
when we go to the fan club page
Rocío Jurado we are going to
1974 which is the year when she buys the
house and she bought the house with bars in
You can see all the windows here
kids when the house was under construction
It had bars under renovation, now here you have them.
another photo is worth it from another perspective and
You see how the grate always remains in the
same style no, that is, it is the aesthetics of
the house therefore conclusion nor [ __ ]
idea guys What I think here is that
What happened is that there were some bars of
the house that was taken away during
Some years you see if you see these two
were removed for some years
and then they went back to put it on
both the little piece of paper where the man
proves that he has installed a reada in
2010 could very well be a grate
that were already put before a change
of bars that were removed for some reason
reason for a while and then
Pete put it back why what not
we can know here 100% what it is
years that fence was removed if in 1998
or 1999 was already on the removed fence or not
We also don't know if it is that window or not
the one that refers to, you will forgive me that
be so skeptical okay but life
has taught to be like this And to me this piece
of a window without bars if you are me
saying that Antonio David hung here
pink with half body on the outside in a
house that was surrounded all day and
watched by paparazzi I mean they did it
photos on the beach and you're telling me
who hung it here in the middle of this street
with half body out and nobody
I saw and with all that nerve I don't know what I have
my doubts but I tell you it is the word
of one against the other unless
can be demonstrated if that is the
room it refers to and what
year to what year the bars were there
removing for the moment what we do have
It is clear that Rocío Jurado bought that one
house with bars on the windows something else
What catches my attention is that she
always can that summer with a lot
Calvary not as with much suffering
that Antonio David put on a good face
press but she actually did it
I was obviously going through a terrible time
everything I was living But then
I find myself in the press with this
photographs that are not from that summer
And she is not seen going through it
bad or rather she is not supposed to be
aware that they are doing these things to him
photos and we see here the two of them being
laughter Not her being affectionate with him
voluntarily something else that doesn't fit
not much and that people are throwing it away
on the rosy face are the numerous
covers that he has had in the magazine
Hello, not the numerous exclusives
showing us how happy he was not to me
I feel happy, overjoyed, I don't know according to
These covers prove that the truth is
She looked quite happy.
happy with his life and this means
that everything Antonio is telling
David is a lie he has not had one
Bad experience doesn't mean that.
but the truth is that it is a bit out of place and
It's a little off-kilter when she's with us
counting that he is receiving certain
treatment for your mood and for
your mental state
who has the capacity in these
moments to be able to say what it is
results in a suicide attempt
Nobody You just did it
completing it is not true we can put
It's not true, Maria.
don't manipulate me
you are manipulating me
to understand that I know why he committed suicide
It is false what the statement says
emergencies you just said that Rocío
Carrasco the other day omitted that when
I, you just said that Rocío Carrasco
When he arrived at the emergency room he omitted in the
documentary say that not only was he
so affected and that's why he tried to get away
You have counted your life, Maria.
Rocío Carrasco is reflected in the
provincial court you just said that
He lied on purpose to put the weight on
all about their children
I have no idea, I tell you that
complete information has been left that
I said I bet what I would have
that having said This aunt is
manipulating the truth and from my mouth there has not been
come out if I'm not mistaken it is
referring to Maria Patiño with which they have
omitted parts of the report that are
quite revealing And this I think is it
says Antonio David's lawyer and
Now we are going to listen to it and it is that
appear in that same report perhaps
there were parts that also pointed out
other possible causes of disorders
that Rocío Carrasco has it then of course
the best that part in a biased way
to give an unobjective opinion
of the case to give a little insight
objective of the case were not of interest
add them to the documentary when
We were teaching childbirth, it is not possible
enter this game you can't enter
in the public game these statements
Well in the public game yes it is
Antonio David can actually enter
has been telling all these years
version on both television and
in all the press and in doing
exclusives in many magazines
heart then she is counting
Now yours, what's happening and this?
It is my personal opinion that she
now he's going all out because he's already
after all the trajectory there is
I think it is very unlikely that
Antonio David could sue her
Although it may seem incredible, this is so.
Here there is a crossfire of accusations there is a
media conflict for years and
just as she has not won any
sue for the right to honor now
Antonio David I think Maybe I
I'm mistaken, but I don't think it could either.
sue her could sue everyone
the world that is calling him
abuser and is targeting
he as an aggressor with insults like a
diabolical person and assuming him guilty
to all those people yes but to her
Because you slander, I think I couldn't
Reporting her is fine because she is sure to slander
no because she is counting the
things like she has lived and for
right honor I have my doubts I think
which would depend on the judge who took the
case but by right of honor perhaps
could throw away by denouncing what she
account of the episode of the window or the
episode of the hair pulling against the
table there depends on the judge who took it
If Antonio David could go and throw for
the right to honor we have some
convictions that have been given in similar cases
ruled in favor of the complainant
who have told an episode more or less
similar and as they have not been able to
prove in court because neither
you can say it openly in public
means of communication but I already told you
This would depend a lot on the judge here.
It would depend a lot on the judge, therefore
I have my doubts that Antonio David
could take legal action against
Rosito, this is the worst of all, okay?
apart from that it also escapes us
hands if perhaps it had been
lying about any of the processes
judicial that there are with some of the
reports in that case and so on but it
I don't know at this moment who it is
I'm sure David could put it in
judicial hand is to all those
people who are referring to him
like an abuser spending his time
presumption of innocence by the arch of the
triumph you have seen them the other day
It was even said that they were judges
There have been six sexist resolutions
three forces and four have intervened
judges they have been able to see all the
proof cannot be used to make a judgment
social cannot have been pointed out and
crossed out and condemned flowers outside the
justice Because they have not been
presented the elements and evidence
that are in cars have been hundreds
writings presented by the defense
by Rocío Carrasco
I imagine my mother is
Those 300 pages are here, you see them three
volumes one, two, and three, those 300 pages. I
I also have them, there is a process
judicial in which we have a person
that reports and the accused both
parts have all the documentation no O
be him even if that box were
empty and he mounts his scene here that
I don't know, I didn't pick them up but even though
would be empty if they don't have that
box in the documentation they have it in
the other side is not part of the process, not them
two parts of the process have all the
documentation in two ways as
curiosity as curiosity I tell you I have
seen that image And it is true that one of
the folders those folders also the
we use when the procedures are
closed because if not they go in another type
We also use folders
lawyers and that it was a little open
on the side to see those folders are more
larger than the size of the folio, that is to say
Many times lawyers stack up
even one over the other has just
curdled and open and does not have
why see the documentation inside
in that small it means that And that is not
It means that they are full that can
be empty and can be full because
say that
go to the place where you know to look for the hair on the leg
to the
vultures of him in case the goat but
is that although the documentation
Indeed, even if they were empty
He has the right to those boxes and in fact
you have to have all the documentation
the same thing is in the case as
She has everything And with all this
documentation seven judges have said that
in the air of China indeed yes
you find this a person who
goes out into the street is thrown out of the
Justice can no longer work, it has no
voice cannot extend has no voice It is
incredible okay because in one of the
This week's programs Carlota
slide said something like
directly is that she said it literally
Antonio David's version I don't care
I don't want to hear it
Even the truth about what was said was missing.
The doctors determined that report
There have been many true judges
judges different courts in that case
in case it is needed
truth and that it is not only
omitted but also lied about with the
content of those reports not in that
In that case, David could get his hands on it.
I never really dew judicially
I had seen that it was done in this way
way you can't do what you have
In fact, there can't be a report like that.
public opinion can be deprived of
what the judges have actually seen
can be placed at the feet of the
horses to judges to lawyers to
the presenting doctors were
psychosocial all psychiatrists of
Rocío Carrasco who have declared their
I applaud your decision to speak out because I know
that is no longer afraid and there is no need to be afraid
fear to make these statements
She is the only one who can call
abuser of Antonio David Flores and is
important to remember because it does not exist
no sentence condemning David
Flowers can say that he has been acquitted
because there has not been a trial either
calls him an abuser and points at him
directly assuming the consequences
because she ASSUMES the consequences that
is going to have Well, we have to make it clear
Nuance here is worth a small Nuance And it is
who emphasize a lot that Antonio
David has not been released and then
He can't say that he's gone free
because there was no trial. Of course, but it's that
we have to take into account that there is no
been acquitted because they have not even
It is necessary to take him to court.
The judges have not considered that the
If it had to be taken to court,
Antonio David should sit in a
court How good, Rosito, that you say
you have never said that you believe it and the
people who have some type of amnesia
Here we have a cover of the magazine
Rocío speaks exclusively now
Yes I am happy talks about his accidents
her immense love for Fidel, her children and
brothers of Antonio's separation
David and the support of his family after
months of silence How many times have you not
spoken How many times have you gone out to speak?
after never having spoken the thing that
Yes, yes, I have spoken many times and each
cover So you've commented on things now
Yes, I am happy, I would like Carlota How
You justify the existence of this headline
quoted as if she had said it in
Reading magazine is worth looking at the cover
This is so curious that they sent me no
magazine soon piece says I will love my
husband until the day I die
Well, here I was very alienated, eh?
The newspaper was very alienated here.
from the world took out a little a week ago
more than a week the audios that
correspond to Rocío Carrasco before the
judge and there are some things that I don't
fit the same as it seems that it does not
they squared that judge
Since six years ago he asked
to the judge who has been here since when
in treatment she answers that since
6 years ago since 2011
What was the reason why it started?
I started that treatment because I was already
There were too many signs I had
irritable bowel had adult acne had
extrasystoles had panic attacks and
my hands were going numb
the limbs when a moment came
where I couldn't take it anymore is that I have
that I didn't want to go see him
never go to a psychiatrist or a
doctor precisely because they were in
process all these procedures to
take custody of my children from me, I will not
I would not have wanted for anything in the world that this gentleman
could hold on to the fact that I wasn't there
psychologically well and give him a weapon
to use it in the media and
judicially and when I went to the doctor
because my doctor refers me to a
Preventive Medicine doctor who when
He sees me and says to me, Rocío, you need
psychiatric assistance is when
I start assistance is when I start
to put myself in the hands of professionals and it is
when I start taking medication
a treatment is as a consequence
and here what the judge tells him is
I ask because in his complaint he makes
reference to the fact that you had symptoms
first time you are going to receive a
treatment is for the problem that with
her daughter and then she now goes out for
peteneras no further on counting That
Well, yes, they are because of the problems
of her daughter but her daughter is
related to the father and now very
Pay attention to this other part of the audio
because this part of the audio already
completely disconcerting since
My mother dies and the will is opened
when my mother dies and the door opens
testament I am one day sitting in my
home on my couch in my house and my daughter
He comes home from being with his father and ends up
my mother died and that girl arrived at 9
years that I have given birth to her and when she arrives
He sees me crying and doesn't even give me a kiss.
He looks at me and says mom and now
for whom will the house in Madrid be?
The moral says that the girl asks him
Now whose house is it going to be?
Madrid of the moral when in the
documentary said that the 9-year-old girl
sat on the stairs and stayed
looking at her and said mom now what are you going to do
spend with the house in Miami when you
You're telling the truth, you don't usually fall for it.
in contradiction because it is not
remembering what you have to say
what have you said okay You don't have what you have
said on other occasions Simply you
you have to base it on telling what you have
lived and when you are telling the
truth of what you have lived does not
you contradict yourself in these details because
So here, to me personally, there is something
that doesn't fit me Antonio David can't
having been acquitted because he has not been
judged the last word of the court
supreme was as soon as there is evidence there will be
case I love how he says this because it
counts as if the judge were very
interested in reopening the case and
I would have said Hey Rocío at the moment
that my weapon has the slightest proof
you come here you finish
document and then it comes to you here that
We are going to reopen it, Mrs. Carlota.
slide all the cases that are
provisionally dismissed They have the
possibility of opening when there is
New tests Here the problem is that
There will be no new evidence
documentary is not a new test my
weapon that the documentary is telling you about
her testimony as she told you
wants to tell and everything he has told
there and everything that has been presented there already
there will be no day and this series
documentary provides evidence that this evidence
who is teaching Rocío Carrasco in
the documentary is not providing them
program because the program is awesome
She will have already taken that test
hundreds of times to the courts to
the case has to be reopened
something new and something new is not going to happen or
it is very unlikely
In what head should we try to convert
a person who doesn't even even
has been tried for gender violence
whoever is not aware of it is guilty
head that factory machinery
from the television put into operation
for three months to more than 40 hours
the week with the ability to destroy
a family to provoke that hatred to a
family and having to live it in my
meats with signs lying on the street
from Antonio David you are an abuser in
the elevator in my house I have family
I have an 8 year old daughter. Who fixes it?
I have never mistreated a woman.
Never in my life how can I be
compare me with José Bretón who is a
killer
He's a son of a [ __ ]. How can I be?
compare me with Gimeno in my life
All I've done is to cover up
give them love and give them an education
specific moment of episode 9 we see
how they show Rocío Carrasco a video
in which Kiko Matamoro claims to have
found in
a cleavage with Antonio David and that a
time there we do not know on whose part
if on the part of a doctor a nurse
He doesn't say who he finds out from or who tells him
that apparently supposedly pink
I was not taking the child to the doctor
some occasions when I had to
take it and Rocío claims that she has acted
judicially against Kiko Matamor is
What Kiko Matamoros says is a lie, I have
spoken with the hospital I have a
certificate from the neurologist because that
is in a civil procedure I have
acted against Quico Matamoros for
This is because it is the specific moment of
that episode where he says that no that
has taken legal action in the
civil suit against Kiko Matamoros for doing
those statements are a funny thing, well
funny in quotes not funny for
for us who laugh at these
things but one curious thing that comments
Here too he lets out a phrase
referring here to Matamoros and to
Gustavo González telling himself that the three
They have a lot in common, I don't know how to understand it
you guys as you want it's fine, it seems to me
that aims to label others good at
Finally you have understood me perfectly, right?
The same thing he did with Alejandro Lequi is
very important that I remind you of this
part of the previous episode to make you
see the manipulation of the documentary and eye
With this I do not mean that she is
lying 100% and that everything
absolutely everything you are saying
may be false but it is true
positioning when telling us
things and not only on the part of
her but by the people who have
mounted this this documentary is
perfectly scripted to manipulate
the minds of people who don't give much thought
back to things and that is not
Too skeptical is worth leaving
carried away by feelings and so that
you see the half-truths no and the and the
way to omit information It turns out to be
that here Rocío states that this is in a
civil procedure when days later
after watching the Kiko Matamoros episode
confirms that this procedure was
dismissed that does not carry any part
But that is not said in the documentary.
acts in a rather advantageous way
liar, you mean Rocío, of course not
I'm going to refer to Marisa should leave
of course just in case just in case well in
In my case, when she records this, she knows
perfectly that its dismissed and not
has been admitted for processing and that is what
Obviously here the easy thing is to shoot at the
little soldiers But well those trials have
made from programs with directors
producers etc. I would like
know if she already records the
documentary knows that demand to see in
truth is that you can't accuse her of being
lying because if you realize She
What he says is that he takes action
but it doesn't say that it has been rejected, no
lied simply omitted
information but I would like to know
because to condition people no
as if saying look look I have the
reason why I reported But why not
adds that this demand is not yours
admitted and another of the things that has been
talked about a lot in recent days is the
the fact that Antonio David had
agreements with journalists to whom I would be
notifying you of some events so that
go so they can take pictures and so on.
And I completely believe this. I mean, I
I completely believe that Antonio David
had some trusted journalist and
that they were separate on the subject of money
and other than that he does this a lot
famous okay like hey I'm going to be
Here I have this exclusive Here I have this exclusive
I'm going to have dinner here, it's going to be like robbed
no the thing is that yes Antonio David you
would have but can broadcast the program
Other journalists have come out telling
that she also or that she also
I had you all set in this scene from
save me How curious when Gustavo
Gonzalez who has already had a couple of cuts
occasions every time he has given his
opinion has already appeared in videos
previous ones, then look at what it is
It happens and how they cut it off when they want
count the journalist friends I had
Rosito, tell me if these
objectivities something else you are talking about
I told it as the main photographer
I told it, I told it the other day
time The photographer
Why not go with the truth when you say
Rocío took some photos of me the other day.
in Portugal And why don't you tell us what you
Carlos Helberg makes them Carlos Helberg
He is the first photographer who has been
very good friend of Rocío Jurado and nothing happens
and they go 80-20 and then had a
long-time photographer who
called Juana Alonso alias El cutre and with
Juan Alonso did a lot of reports
For example, if we talk about children,
photographs
It seems that he has been given some order or
Something is worth it but here Paz Padilla is
come on, come on, come on, cut, cut, cut
when he goes out with him
but I have to say that we want to know
What is your collaborator's flower?
favorite
Here we have the photographer who according to
Rocío Carrasco would be The photographer of
Antonio David's trust not to the one who
Antonio David always called to stop
give you exclusive and to let you know
Rocio's things, eh? Look what she says.
What happened in Chipiona, I found out that
Antonio David had spent the whole night
sleeping on the street in the car like
She told Then I told Rocío
Rocío is this true and tells me yes it is
true and there is more he stayed
stuck with a car in the dunes of the
beach and had to get him out companions and
staff who were there at that time
Rocío Carrasco telling things to this one
photographer not to Che paparachi about
Antonio David that Antonio David
I worked with a photographer of course
always yes absolutely without any
doubt and that's how it is but she also had a
head photographer we will see the photos
Fidel's in Portugal makes them with a
her photographer and she understands that she
would take a percentage in fact, look
one thing so you can see what it was like
circumstance when we were on guard and
we were a little lost in the moment
that we saw a photographer or a
another we knew was coming or was coming
Antonio David or Rocío arrived as Rocío
and Fidel controlled everything very well.
I remember companions who followed the
photographer because it was the only way
find the characters and that's why always
you have to listen to both versions
that I would prefer and I tell you this
heart is when you are listening
some of the testimonies do not
find myself with neither contradictions nor
so they are omitting things, okay?
because when it comes down to it, this is it
makes it less credible and I would have told you
maybe Antonio David had them but
that she also to the journalists Well
maybe we didn't doubt it
testimony But why is he hiding And
you are criticizing the other when you
Also as I said at the beginning of the
video I only watched five minutes
from the documentary I already realized that
stick was going and I don't believe most of it
things that Rocío tells there are some things
that may be true may be because
No, but most things don't work for me.
I believe especially those related to their
children we listen to it all the time
documentary lamenting that he has
taken away from his children that he has lost
every Christmas, every King's Day
Every birthday and it's not like that. I mean
what we have followed all the gossip of
Television is not like that, it is not like that
truth first of all is that she even
2005 had full custody of his children
children and voluntarily, that is, without a
judge asked for it voluntarily decided
grant joint custody with the
father at what point in life a
mother who has full custody
it happens to him voluntarily to reach a
I agree with this father who is this gentleman
that is supposed to be so according to her
criminal, that is, at what moment you
square that story you have custody
complete of your children but it occurs to you
voluntarily without being forced by a
judge to share custody with this one
father who is supposed to be the worst of the
but my opinion is that at this moment
He put his happiness with his new
couple before her motherhood but already
I'm telling you this part of the story now
It's starting to be water right? Also she
with shared custody when he stops
see the girl is when she is 15 years old and
when he stops seeing the child it is almost
turning 18, that is, it has not been lost
the entire childhood of the children of those Kings
Those Christmases, those birthdays keep us awake
in this documentary that the daughter was
convicted of mistreatment of the mother
We are talking about a 15-year-old girl
Well, we already know what some people are like.
teenagers are problematic not because
to take the matter lightly at that moment
They put a restraining order on him but
That restraining order has been in place for years now.
that doesn't have it my question would be what is it
what Rocío Carrasco has done in all
these years to try to see again
their children because I don't know anything according to
Her children have been taken away from her but
during all these years there has not been either
tried to do anything to get it back
when we live in Spain in Spain you don't
they take your children away you can take
measures to recover it what we have
heard on several occasions are
statements like these this is when
A journalist asks him if he is going to
follow her daughter's participation in a
reality show survivor and she answers it
following
and more episodes like this, I mean, I remember
that on her wedding day when she married
his current partner was not his children
All this behavior fits with the
of a mother who has been taken away
to her children and is eager to get them back
because I am certainly not one of the
parts that most touch the heart of the
hearing is when she tells her
suicide attempt apparently a while ago
couple of years when Antonio David Flores
He was a contestant on Big Brother VIP
when she finds out that her ex-partner
is going to be a contestant on Big Brother VIP
and his daughter will go to the set to defend him
the world falls on him and he takes this
decision and tries when it shows the
medical part of the hospital I imagine it
What draws my attention to the report is
This part here comments on what it feels like
overwhelmed by what she identifies as
harassment behavior by her ex-husband is
calling harassment behavior that his
ex-partner goes to Big Brother and nothing
It has to do with her but that's it
woman identifies it as a behavior of
harassment my personal opinion I insist my
personal opinion is that she for
supposedly we have a diagnosis in the
She is bad but I think she is worse
still because things haven't worked out for him yet
as she intended it to turn out In me
personal opinion but calling harassment to that
your ex-partner is going to Big Brother
and that your daughter goes to defend what
will defend him from his time in the
reality I don't know if you have stopped to
think about this detail but to me the
fact that he relates the attempt to
suicide with which his daughter is going to go to
defend the father to big brother me
It seems like a tremendous irresponsibility and
It seems very beastly to me to throw all the
burden and be responsible for the daughter of
his suicide attempt or whatever
It may be that for your daughter when you
listen literally this
holding her daughter responsible for what happened to her
has happened and then what exhausts him is that
The final straw is that she relates some
comments from the daughter and father inside
from the house on a visit from the daughter to the
father on the reality show as if he were
mocking this episode as if it were
be glad he tried to kill himself
when Rocío when my daughter comes inside
from the Big Brother house and tells him
your father Don't worry Everything is better
that you left it for a year Look at me for real
everything that is outside is very
better than how you left it I think
It's clear Not for me, for anyone
you who are listening to this This
It is an interpretation that she has
wanted to give that phrase for granted and
I trust the daughter was not
referring to the fact that he was glad that the
mother has attempted suicide
surely the daughter what she was doing
referring to what may be
even something else that we don't even know
surely the daughter what was
referring to the case of Biogén
that he has tried to reopen it and they have
rejected again but this lady gives it to him
turn them around and twist them to leave
Even worse, the daughter is not attacked.
to your children I know that later on
Father's part This report is offered
mine to two magazines of this country this
accusation that he makes that the father
want to offer that medical report to
I doubt the magazines because they don't
I think it is very legal for you to sell a
report that as much as it is a
document that is within your process
belongs to the other party and finally to the
cape is a medical report and Knowing
How she is reporting him for
Every step he takes makes me miss him a lot with a
message of look what has been invented
now and according to how she interprets it they do not
They believe the suicide attempt is true
They believe it as one more invention to try
reopen the case I have regarding this
my own opinion but I reserve it
For me, what I do believe is that we have to leave
It is quite clear that this interpretation that
makes of the daughter's words when
goes to visit the father telling him that
everything is better is an interpretation
What does she do? From my point of view
very bad intentionally and there is
many people on social media who
is throwing a lot of [ __ ] and
trash this girl because they have given
I'll probably interpret that, that is, I don't know.
if I am giving an account of the situation
but not only is it held responsible
her daughter from the suicide attempt but
It also stains him even more with this
interpretation and what is a joke
It is also that apparently according to what has
told his daughter in her stories of
Instagram was up all night
trying to intervene in the program
to clarify some point that I
I imagine that would be it and to return to
try to mediate with the mother and not her
they let you participate in the program, that is
This is a joke, they let her in.
program to her that she is one of the
protagonists but Irene Montero does
shamelessness, man, you can barely see it
No one has torn off your feather dusters
children are here your daughter and your son
pick up the phone call us talk to us
Sit with us for real
leaving us aside from all this speaks
With us at home we will clarify the
things but I really don't want more damage
I can't take any more pain, according to Rocío.
Carrasco does not answer the phone to his
daughter and she will not answer him because he
experts have recommended that not yet
is it ready then I wonder
when will it be ready when
I finished the documentary, I don't know, but I'll watch it.
that after so many years that have passed
If you don't talk to your daughter, I would stop by.
the lining of the very same thing that I
say a specialist because in fact
to sit in a program to be
talking to all the people who have been
pounding it for years the professional
He doesn't say anything And he really doesn't
I understand. So we have to wait for
This is what we have to wait for
waste more time all the time that
You can't recover with your daughter anymore. It's going to
be wasted time and a little thing for
favor
please stop putting your finger
about people about whom there is no
to put the finger on this whole issue
Carlota, you have to put your finger on some
specific people and only the facts
certain That is to say, let us not be mistaken
time to point please here
we can already point out that we should not
do it Help us because I am very much in favor
I agree with what I have done with what has
Gema said I love Carlota
asking who he can point to And
to whom not to anyone Carlota to anyone until
that justice does not do it to anyone
Pay attention to the Saska who gives this, I don't know if
Was she a psychologist or some kind of
specialist in the same way as you are
doing a self-critical exercise that I
It seems super mature and super enriching
for all of you if you have recognized
that for 25 years you have bought a
It is true that the public fan is a
woman we publicly lynched him
daughter please who is also a victim
in your mouth Carlota, I really don't like it
It enters the head that this woman does not
want to pick up the phone from your daughter
Say a professional or whoever says it
It's time you're wasting if
really what he wants to demonstrate with
This documentary is that it was one of
psychological abuse I think that everything
This episode shows how bad it was for him
with her daughter and how bad the daughter looks
because it is at the feet of the horses
was unnecessary Or at least it wasn't necessary
It's to justify of course I don't want to
You may misunderstand me but it is not because
justify what that girl did at 15
years but 15 years are an adolescence
in a very bad family situation and there is
many kids who unfortunately are
They are very bad ages and then with the passage
over the years it is normal for them to change or
At least I hope the vast majority changes
So we have to keep that in mind
type of episodes so traumatic for
all life yes it is true that such
They may be difficult to forget but
Let us remember that we are talking about a
15 year old teenager and if you don't
you want to crush it in the media, don't do it
you count because in the end you are
putting at the feet of the horses
if I hadn't told that episode
That episode in my life was so horrible
that I would have wished had never happened
occurred
I would not have been able to explain
the whole story and I wouldn't have been able to
explain
all that I was suffering Look
This phrase is also held
learned that I do not know what To whom
This phrase will have occurred to you, not from Hey
when they tell you why you are
telling this You say that it was that
super necessary for the whole story no
It was necessary for the whole story not to
Rocío Carrasco did not need to be told
that to tell your story your story is
It is assumed that it was intended to expose
Antonio David and how bad he wasn't
It is necessary to tell about your daughter, that is what
you have taken as an excuse because that
documentary is made to cleanse you
you your image and to deify you and that
The argument that I needed to tell it is not valid.
you needed it and you told it because
you needed people to empathize
with you and that you had one
justification for why you don't want to
fixing things with your daughter was not
Vital obligation for the rest of the
story that you revealed that and less with
so many details Because it reveals many
details you no longer just told what
It's the beating you could have had
stayed there is not that also
They told how the events unfolded
the agreement they reached in the way that
they had to serve that sentence or not
fulfill the therapies I don't know what
you told too many details that were not
necessary then you also talked about your
daughter in survivor that crying was
false, it was not necessary to put your daughter
like a rag if you wanted to tell that
the girl was very manipulated if you
mission not for the one who says he had it
that understand in the story not if the
mission was to make it understood that Antonio
David had those children manipulated
to the point that the girl attacked you
Look, you could have said, for example,
girl started talking to me badly the girl
He insulted me, he answered me, he was rebellious
with me to such an extent that it came to
raise my hand and I'm going to stay there
because I don't want to go into more details
because she was a minor but she achieved a lot
more than raising my hand there
you would have told there it would have been
understood the whole story that you wanted
that was understood but you did not enter into
detail you went into detail and well and what
that was edited from the documentary and is not
issued a voucher but it was necessary for
that your narrator could be understood no no no
What's happening that you, in my opinion, I insist
always what I say the videos my
Personal opinion is valid but in my opinion
You wanted to leave her in a bad state so that
people will empathize with you so that
people didn't like her so that
people understood that it was normal that
a mother wants to forgive her daughter
and I also wonder what about the other son
when are you going to answer the question
Why don't they fix things with you?
son Nor because they asked you in
the set in the last interview and for
My answer was: I bring apples.
be you didn't answer you turned it around
The question is not whether I catch him or not.
I pick up the father's phone or if he picks up
the phone and accepts my approach
will there be a father behind or will there be
intentions turned apples I bring
I think the daughter does not forgive her because she has
been by his father's side and that is not
She's going to forgive him, I think that's it.
what does not forgive him instead of Him
altercation I don't know at what moment of what
moment of life it is a good idea to take and
exposing your daughter in that way leave her to
the horses' feet during
millions and millions of viewers before
something that is making it so media-friendly
and stain your daughter's name in such a way
way that will not raise its head in the
life or at least that's what it seems
pretends not because when you are
telling that what is intended
no matter how much they come later to say No
but my daughter is a victim of her father
You're leaving her like the shoe polish I can
understand and I can respect and it seems to me
until correct in quotation marks the fact
I said that I should make this documentary in
The last video I made is in all its glory
full right cannot seem better or
worse the things he is telling or the
version that is being sold to us but at the
after all it is his version and Antonio
David has been telling what happened to him for 20 years.
it feels like it on television So now
It's your turn, let's say it's their turn. But
I could have omitted the daughter part
It really strikes me that in this
episode after being recorded from
almost a year ago or at least something like that
in what he says they have decided in the
last minute edit to trim
some parts This calls me a lot
attention because what I am telling you is
It's supposed to be good, it's supposed to be not the documentary.
It has been recorded and edited for a long time
time why suddenly decided
edit it to me the excuse of protecting the
girl, it's not worth it to me, it's worth it to me with these
Don't tell me Chinese stories because what?
excuses that I'm going to protect the
girl when you started talking
for weeks on television with
millions of viewers of the
problems that the brother has that if
The father blamed the mother for the
brother's problems that finally and finally
cape are things that are really strong
for the audience not for him
the show is going great
but these are things that maybe one day
That kid gets to the internet or gets into
on television or in the newspaper archives or
let it be and listen to those words and they are
very harmful also what the hell if it is that
From Rocío Flores herself they have taken the
sentence aunt has taken the sentence in
where they condemned her for evil when she did not
I should have known. But oh well.
that Carlota Corredera says that that part
of the story was completely
essential So it was
completely essential and that
we needed to know in that part of the
such a hard story that we are going to know
Tonight I don't understand the rest I don't understand
understands nothing and I wonder Carlota
Why the hell am I not going to understand the rest?
if what you want is to point out the father
make him a suit like the one he is wearing
accuse him of abuse you could have
told the story of many others
ways in a more concise way without
need to give everything 100% with everything
luxury of detail and at the end of the day the
the result would be the same
We would understand. I would still follow her without
believe we are not mongoloids could have
said for example that the girl was very
rebellious that the girl insulted me that
girl Even raised her hand and
I would have understood perfectly the same
without having to put it this way
In my personal opinion, what is
being Rocío Carrá with this documentary
already on the way how do I get on with it
Father took me forward to everyone who came to me
whatever you want because during all these
years it has been known is of domain
audience that Rocío Carrasco does not have
good relationship with no one else
family so the problem is not
It has only been with his ex-partner but
that he doesn't speak to his mother's widower
with his uncles with his cousins ​​with his
adopted siblings with their children who do not
you talk to no one and then I
which I think is going to be on the way
This documentary is an attempt to make him look bad.
to the others in such a way that all are
damn but she is a saint she
unfaithful eh let us remember that always in
These stories all versions of
women who go to the media to
tell this kind of things with various
things not everyone is very bad
except for her, I have almost no proof.
of what happened because the abuse
psychological is very difficult to prove AND
If there are people who do not support me it is because
My abuser wants to isolate me from everything
the world and of course 100% if I have
a new couple That couple is
wonderful That couple is a being of light
He is an example to follow, he is the authentic one
man of built there is one thing that is not
can be denied under any circumstances
circumstance And it is completely
It is true that Rocío Flores spent a
adolescence let's call it Rebel very
rebellious too rebellious that is not known
You can deny there are things on your networks
social at some point in their
adolescence Even seemed good to him
idea and nice to upload to your Instagram one
photo burning a pack of tobacco
He even puts a like filter on it.
because it occurs to him and on his Twitter
Until a few days ago we could find
tweets like this even worse than
perfectly match the
testimony that his mother is giving that
I may be exaggerating that there are things
that I have added may be perfectly
in fact from my point of view
It probably is, but we cannot deny it.
who had a very bad relationship with his
mother who turned out we do not know how
responded to the mother at some point
This girl is going to speak this girl in the
moment the documentary ends it will
be on the television dishes and if
Telecinco and Carlota Corredera doesn't want to
go to another chain But this girl goes
to talk I am looking forward to talking
things like that have called me
attention and what I did not know is that having
This girl has been convicted of abuse
Rocío Carrasco has every right to
disinherit her So Rocío flowers art
a lot of reality but then what is true
that I have not seen in any but in
No part is what she adds, no part is what she adds
that she says in the documentary that that
It was not in the Varitati magazine that
She gets in the car and says dad now
I've done it, so it's like it's a fact.
totally planned by the father as
implying that the father has
sent to do what he ordered her to do and
That seems mind-blowing to me Because that is not
I have not seen it in any sentence or
no report I think that is a
interpretation that she makes totally
because Rosita makes her see what shape
has to take to put your daughter in a bad mood
but at the same time justify yourself with the fact that in
reality is a victim and since the
The blows she has given you are as if you
the father had given them as if the
the father had sent it and he would have sent it to you
given through is that it seems to me a
incredible interpretation and I tell you
the reports that have been published I have not
seen that while your body receives
blows to discover that your daughter has
become the executive arm of your
Verdugo Carlota gave an intro to the
beginning of the program a little speech that
He said something worthy of the Comedy Club but
worthy of the Comedy Club and I'm going to
answer and we will see but this is already
to affirm and take for granted the proven fact
interpretation that the mother makes that her
daughter Well it's not that it was a
very rebellious teenager who did not commit any crimes
bad deeds that she was a difficult girl
that it had to be treated and that it had to be
straighten it no no no no he did it like
sent by the father who was the arm
executor I don't know if it is explained in others
videos but Antonio David is not going to
Suing her is worth it Antonio David
It is very complicated and would be bad
strategy in fact I think she already
has no limit and is counting everything
because he can't report her
we can't let this one pass either
Rocío Flores dwarf Rosa's moment
giving a brutal speech and takes out his
Mother has said that 11 are eliminated
minutes of my mother's chapter in the
that I dedicate to protect myself
protect you first when you want
protect your daughter you do not do a
episode talking about your daughter So
I already put the protection thing in
doubt that On the one hand and then secondly
It smells a little bit more to me
more in that maybe that episode
It went a little beyond what the show is
media no and could could have bad
consequences no I ask from here to
those responsible for the documentary and the
person responsible for the chain that
you broadcast the full chapter that is that
I want to hear the testimony
My mother's complete I want to know what it is
what my mother says as she tells it
etc. I think I have every right
of the world then on the other hand also
the least I find it ironic Because it is
says that Rocío Carrasco has lifted
phones so that the topic would not come up and
Now she is the one who sits with
sentence in hand to talk about that
correct correct with papers papers
gentlemen papers on another part and then
also to the medical team that takes her
They recommend that you do not talk to me.
They recommend that I talk about all this
in front of 4 million viewers
When you want to support this type of
testimony of both feminists and
progressives and allies always have
answer for everyone If suddenly
some images came out that left in
bad place rice not like for example
some ugly attitudes that I may have
have for example in interviews of
No raffle and you throw it in their face
Although a lot of time has passed
They would tell you that she is alienated.
response and excuses and nice words
It's good for everything because it doesn't catch on
phone your daughter because Los
professionals do not recommend it to me and you
recommend that you go to a program with
so many audiences to expose all this
where people question you, don't
question if I use it as therapy And now
I ask a question, my brother too
It's in my pack too.
recommends that no contacts be made
I haven't even called my brother in 7 years.
not for a birthday nor to worry
for that state of health I don't know how much
The less questionable all this seems to me
the whole neighborhood for you How pretty you are
Daughter, I find it questionable that
decide now to hide part of a
testimony that has been recorded for a long time
One year I think everything was noticeable
completely I have nothing to hide no
I'm afraid of nothing I was afraid a while ago
many years of my life for others
many circumstances that are not
not at all this episode and I repeated it
another day and I repeat it today I know very well
what I have lived in that house and there I
I was very afraid for others
circumstances that have nothing to do with
with this and I know what I have lived in that
home we have to collect this little pill
no, he hasn't thrown away these
statements that came out this morning
in reason in a recent conversation
with it he transfers the reason to be
fully aware of where you are
find the real problem and it is not
his father nor his mother that person
He also witnessed what happened in
2012 that person has lived with her and
with his brother David for years that
person always according to Rocío Flores is not
He behaved as well as he should have, but he didn't
goes further at least for the moment despite
that has become the testimony
most wanted doesn't want to cross the line
watch out for this pullita watch out for when she is
girl speak Claro yes for whatever reason
Now this girl comes out to talk and says
something bad about this new perfect man
deconstructed because it will look for a way to
don't believe it and I want you to realize it
Here's a detail
and I think I remember that they call me from
Civil Guard barracks
Fidel takes it and the Guard I have put you
This voucher now I'm going to put another one
so that you realize once again
that when they show the documents
only underline the part that you want
underline this particular role I don't know
exactly what it is that I don't know if it is a
I don't know if it's an attack by the Civil Guard
the complaint as such because a
sentence I'm sure it's not and
proven facts not even in the first place
It is written with comic Sanz is
a fountain used by the kids
let's say it's used for memes
It's very funny how they underline the part
that Rocío Carrasco is narrating but
does not underline the part that Rocío relates
flowers in which she says that according to her
has been suffering similar events since
three years ago and insults him
constantly with phrases like me
I regret having had you fat that
I'm not giving you dinner because she has
sufficient reserve that I will put into your
father in prison and similar things
I emphasize that these are not proven facts.
If this is the complaint that Rocío filed
Flores didn't win it but damn if we are
exposing the facts in a documentary
how they happened what one said
part and what the other part said no
we skip what we don't like here they do
The same applies. I mean, I want to make it clear.
that this the fact that I put it in
This paper that I don't know what it is either
which is, I don't know if they are proceedings
complaint as such I want to make it clear that
everything that is written here is not that they are
proven facts, much less I
I imagine these are the statements
what each of the parties does here
They do the same thing, they underline one part and not
stresses that the minor accused of exercising
highest psychological level according to its expression
about the mother with insults well
is referring to Fidel not that this
I insist this is not a proven fact
In fact, Rocío Flores lost the complaint.
that you see how they manipulate and teach us
only what one part says in this
episode Rocío Carrasco also recounts
that the girl is caught several times
A mobile phone that is supposed to be
gathering information for later
pass it on to the father in fact says that in
one occasion catches her taking pictures of
documents and one thing that shocked me
quite a bit in his story is that he says that
while the girl was hitting him
the beating was with the mobile phone open
who doesn't know who was on the other side
from the phone but the girl was with
the open mobile
allow me to appear to be myself
impressive to say the least, or in other words
what moment in a discussion that is
assumes he doesn't know when it's going to happen to you
you have your phone open with another person
on the other side and while you are
By hitting someone you have someone
other side of the call I don't know very strange
The thing is that it tells an episode in which
that reaches the press The rumor that
She was separating from Fidel and
He attributes this to the fact that for a time during
a few days he had at the door of his house
some suitcases that belonged to Fidel
other matters but that the girl would have
passed that information to the father because
I had to bring him some information
to please him and that the father gives it to him
to a journalist to take it out this
Journalist Pablo González has come out to
deny it Pablo González denies that he spoke
of the alleged separation from Rocío
Carrasco and Fidel because their daughter
would have given this information to his father
assures that Rocío Carrasco knows that
lies, that is to say that it is not that he is
confused or that it is not that it has been
wrong because he reported the person
that he had passed the information on to him
last episode of his documentary series
Rocío Carrasco assured that she had caught
his daughter with a cell phone he had
hidden taking photos in his
office according to his story he felt that
had to give information to his father and
He gave an example. He had a suitcase of his own.
mother at the entrance of her house and in
The press published that he was going to separate from
Fidel because he had packed his suitcases
at the door however the author of
This information is denied on Sálvame
Pablo González is the paparazzi who gave
this information and denies that its source
of information outside Antonio David
Flores was not like that, in fact I can say that
Rocío knows the source that had the one that I
passed that information was a very source
close to Fidel alvia I don't know what
Rocío Carrasco would have intended to
modify this version and supposedly to
be responsible for this leak to your
daughter and Antonio David when according to this
journalist according to his words she them
demanded therefore it is clear who
It was the one who gave that information that
leaked or the one who invented it that didn't
We know. I mean, I haven't seen any mothers.
seeing images of his daughter with more
coldness when they show you the images of
survivor and the girl gets a
anxiety attack the mother says that
that it is not true that that is a
interpretation that the role studied or
whether it is why we have to believe the
tears and Rocío's interpretation
Carrasco dying while recording
We cannot question the documentary
but her daughter's are lies because
Look, because yes, because I'm interested in that
be a lie before knowing or be before
I didn't know anything about the survivors.
This story completely and with me neither
I came and when I found myself there
when they tell us the news of the
pandemic or the anxiety attack that is
He may be pretending that to us
put the preparation that I have been
there he had to be assisted by a
doctor, that is, someone is going to tell me
that I have lived it, that is it
manipulated is prepared
only
I don't think the anxiety attack that
He gives Rocío flowers when he is in
survivors and finds out about the
pandemic I don't think it's fake or
be it for less contact you have with the
mother no matter how many problems she has
Surely in all these years with the
situation that they have experienced Well, it has not
made by calling her or has not worried
much for her or even more with the father
He has not lived with his father as he tries to
putting him in jail by reporting him is fine
reporting him for abuse then
It is normal that the situation was tense
during all the years not because she
He says it's not that in all the years I haven't
He called me and wanted to call me when
There were survivors to mount the
show no on the island is in a state
psychologically more delicate everything is
magnificent no and it is normal that the girl
When you find out there is a pandemic
world that we are in Spain in
state of alarm and that there is a virus
very contagious so worry or you
between him between the thing for his mother no O
So tell me what mother sees those
images and wants to leave the daughter so
evil between words making us understand
that the daughter almost doesn't have
feelings not for me one of the
objectives that the documentary has had
apart from the crushing Antonio David no
as he has not been able to destroy his
judged by what is destroying them
mediatically But he had more objectives
On the way, I take him forward to
Everyone who has criticized me for it
People don't say that everyone is good
and I'm the bad one no no no no I'm
perfect Also she during the whole
documentary speaks with an air not like
If she had the absolute truth as
if she were an expert in everything and
Whatever she said goes without saying.
She is the one who knows the most about everything
She says it's perfect not as if it were
I know as if I had studies of
everything or whatever because another objective is not
apart from making everyone look bad
made of good Antonio David
abuser and destroy his life no And
the race from my opinion as they have
bothered as they have criticized her as the
have exposed and everything they have said
about her in all these years because she
wanted this documentary to be
make it clear or make people think that
She is a good mother in fact in the
last episode and throughout the
documentary repeats several times that
her mother is her
I despite her despite what she may think
It was me who kicked him out here.
How fine the girl, no, how fine she is
girl showing us where she has
thrown out just in case we didn't know the
anatomy of the human being No, she doesn't
points out to me, to me there are women who
They have children and there are also mothers but
I tell you, it is very clear that the
The objective of this documentary is for her to
She is perfect, she is a good mother, she is not
bad mother as Antonio has said
David is an abuser and she is all in
all in good in all everything that has
made her in life Everything is perfect
the others have all been terrible
It is an article by Ángela Portero on the 23rd
in September 2019 it was published
This article which apparently is a
interview with Carlos Arturo Zapata who
He was a designer and close friend of Rocío
Jury where he already tells us in September
In 2019, being very attentive to everyone is worth it.
because I'm going to give it to you in a tidy way
very attentive to everything, write down the date and
Then you tell me okay, they told me
that Fidel is preparing a documentary
of Rocío's life but with me they have
put the contact according to this
publication according to this man Fidel
It would be already in September 2019 that
I think it more or less coincides with the fact that
Antonio David enters the house of great
brother would be preparing a documentary
From the life of Rocío then we have this
another tweet also from lapidario is worth it
lapidary today you take the cake Ok this one
It's newer, okay. You put this one there.
another day in fact in which he realizes
in an interview with Ana
Isabel Pesés, who is the director who has
the documentary about Rocío Carrasco was made
contradicts first says that she is
joins the project in September
2020 the only thing my boss told me was
go to her house and meet her
Listen And then tell us what you see
This doesn't add up to me in September
2020 is not even close to the date, I mean it is
that the documentary has already told us that
It had been recorded for a long time before, not in
September 2020 or in September
2020 is telling us here this
woman who went to interview her and who already
then they started recording, I mean, I think
that this is wrong and as well
exposes lapidary at the beginning of this
same interview Ana Isabel
He says his boss told him this a year ago.
and half goes to Rocío Carrasco's house
listen to it and then tell us what you see
then it would be more appropriate for me if it were
a typo in the previous thing we saw
not the one from September 2020 and saying
Here a year and a half, I am referring to
September 2019 here we have another one
wonderful tweet where he shows us a clip
from an interview by Antonio David to
end of 2020 in which Kiko Matamoros
and Belén Esteban and also confirms it
María Patiño would say that they have found out
that Fidel and Rocío Carrasco have been
gathered with the dome not the dome of
They are the TV factory with a lot of
documentation to do something for
harm Antonio David Rocío Carrasco
They have met, I'm not going to say where, but
but it is the physical place I will not go to
say publicly with a lot of
documentation and have presented it to
professionals are working on this
all aimed at undermining the image and
the good name of this gentleman for what
Don't say that you don't speak because
They talk a lot, I have said it 300,000 times
and I know that Fidel is watching me
I called the top management of Telecinco and the
dome of Antena 3 so clear and it is the
reality the people who want to tell it
that I told it was that no, that I didn't
count but I don't count because I'm not going to
intervene in any means of
communication to deny neither facts nor
opinions expressed about me following the
chronological order after this in
February 2020 February of last year
vanitatis makes public the sentence to
Rocío Flores It was in February 2020
coinciding with the beginning of the
opening of Honduras by Rocío Flores
as a contestant on Survivor when
vanitatis dared to publish what
Other media outlets remained silent for years.
The thing is that this thing about the girl has not happened
made public is now being given more
hype now but this girl got it
Vani Tatis magazine a year ago
It seems very curious I have been reading the
The entire report is made up of several episodes and
I don't accuse anyone because I don't
I don't know and I can't prove it to anyone but
What I do have clear is one thing in
This report tells you more about everything
or less the same as they have told it in the
documentary is worth almost the same
words publish a page of the
sentence of the juvenile court published
a page from an appeal made by the
Father, there are many people criticizing no
like your father supports you
always and at that moment you are not there
mother is your father but your father
always supports you even if you do something in
your completely delinquent youth or
Bad your father is going to give you a hand if
He has to lend you money and pay you back
The lawyers will do it for you if you have
to turn to if you have to do something for
To get you out of trouble, father will do it
It would only be missing that also
Let us condemn Antonio David for this and
among other documents a page
also from a ruling by the court of
gender violence that belongs to the
Rocío Carrasco's case with Antonio David
flowers I don't point at anyone I don't know who
[ __ ] has sold this to the magazine a
Only the parties have the judgment
If one has not published it, one has done so.
published the other one, that is, they have published this
had to take to the magazine one of
the two of them have no more balls, that is, no matter how much
journalist that we are no no the sentence
and the documents in between only
They have the part and the lawyers who
They are completely prohibited from selling it to
a magazine I imagine not if it has not been
one has been the other although almost all
court rulings are made
public in the public archives of the
courts are anonymized okay what do you want
saying that they are anonymized and that they are published is fine
Many sentences are made public
then the lawyers in other cases
used for jurisprudence but are
anonymize What does it mean that there is no
data That is, they do not give names, they do not know
They put data, they don't put anything with what
can be related to Who it belongs to
that sentence therefore this to the
vanity magazine and one does not give it to oneself
gives it to the other There is no more There is
few options on February 23rd
2020 This is where they read a piece
of Sentence and others Ok this report
It has been updated now I don't know what
They will have corrected if it was any
Nuance for fear of lawsuits or whatever
But come on, it seems to me anyway
totally demandable the thing is that
This series of articles is worth this series
from presses where they publish these things
Rocío Flores in vanity had no
only one episode worth not had
only a press release was a
special that featured Ni más ni menos
that seven episodes are worth it if you watch them
episode titles not only if
you read the titles if you read the content
the body of the press release that you issue
not the body of the report they publish
They match perfectly what they say
exactly the same way as Rocío
Carrasco tells it in the documentary
Exactly the same. Just look at the
episode titles are worth the day
Rocío Flores threw herself to the ground and hit
several blows and kicks to his mother
day a judge sentenced Rocío Flores
for habitual abuse threats E
insults against Rocío Carrasco on the day
that a paparazzi was on guard for
photographing Rocío Carrasco in custody
by the Civil Guard and perhaps handcuffed
the day that a judicial report assured
that Antonio David Flores conditioned to
his daughter the day a judge disinherited
Rocío Flores for her criminal record
If you see the whole body of each
One of these press releases tells it
Coincidentally, exactly the same as Rocío
Carrasco in the documentary and now we
let's go to the date of each of these
episodes no episode 1 was on 22nd
February remember that I already said it in
another video that was also shown here
pages are worth a few pages I think it was
like the first or the second not of the
sentences and the complaints themselves
the resources are worth these are documents to
those who only have access to them
parts episode 3 on the 24th Yes we go
What I'm seeing is that this is gone
publishing this special during a
week one note each day and ends the
day 28 or so we are talking about that
I think it started on the 20th or 21st and
ends on the 28th at one episode per day
ok in vanity telling it casually
Exactly the same as Rocío Carrasco
tell in the documentary That is the version
Exactly the same with the same nuances
Keep this in mind, what other media do
They kept silent for years about the dramatic
event that Rocío Carrasco experienced when she was
attacked by her daughter the media outlet she runs
Nacho Gay, author of the report, agreed to
the approximately 2000 pages this coincides
much with what Kiko just said
Matamoros truth that he composed in the
legal battle over 20 years
daughter of Rocío Jurado against Suéez and the
problems arising from it and that
included the until then underline this
also silenced condemns her daughter for
mistreatment of his silenced mother
conviction of his daughter for ill-treatment of her
silenced mother that many media have
quiet now we continue with that right
after the vanity report
Just a few days later he appears in
cover Rocío Carrasco saying there is
wounds that do not heal Rocío Carrasco
Speaks clearly after the publication of the
true cause of the estrangement with
your daughter here is like good since she has
Well, I'm telling you that I'm very hurt.
Furthermore, in this interview we have already seen
as he lets it slip that I will speak that day
I will talk if I get tired and also the famous one
phrase that he will not see his daughter in
survivor because they don't throw him in
Netflix also in that interview that in
a press conference I think it is no if the
we see in hindsight, it draws our attention
This question will have a series of your
mother and she answers there are many
projects you will see This is being
published at the beginning of last year
It turns out that on March 4th this
lady who says she didn't want that
report saw the light not that that
condemnation of his daughter Viera la luz ago
hype and cymbals of that report of
vanitatis Because for me this is giving
publicity to that report and give it more
hype not in case there is someone who doesn't
have seen in vanity I give you more
diffusion in Rocío Carrasco there are wounds
that do not close makes this report in the
10 minutes magazine with its headlines
as Speaks clearly after the public
true cause of the estrangement with
your daughter in this report if we enter
depth and we read it within the
Hola magazine which you can find in
The internet says things like not yet
I have happily dispatched myself to good
understander few words are enough worth
This seems curious to me. And if in addition
we have to take into account that it is said that
By this date the recording was already underway
documentary also last year Kiko
Matamoros said he had learned that
Rocío Carrasco and Fidel or people of his
environment would have been trying
publish or make public a
information with numerous documents
Well, I don't know what everyone thinks.
I want to but it doesn't fit with me
testimony that she wants to give us that she
I didn't want the sentence to be leaked if
We read the body of this report and it says
things like he has never spoken and he doesn't
is going to do things now that are a lie
He assured that he did release a warning. He hasn't yet.
I have had my say, let's go here
I was already waiting to record the
documentary or was he negotiating it?
According to what is said, this makes me
very funny because you'll see Well to the
Throughout my life I have encountered very serious cases
similar to This voucher This type of
testimony that later does not fit and that is
They do it with a lot of publicity trying
ruin someone's life because
after all the purpose of this is
[ __ ] Antonio David no and let him stay
without work and be condemned
socially because they have not been able to
Judicially I have seen cases like
this and as I have already said in videos
previous ones agree on many things
wants to give them as a battered woman for
balls Even though a judge has not given it to him
the reason if there are people half of
communication that criticizes it or that does not
They agree with her because
They just don't like it or they don't care
believe or She contradicts herself and gives
reason for criticizing her says that it is
that they want to isolate her, they sell the version
that they don't want to speak in public
when in reality they do speak and if not
They speak directly, they do it
indirectly If you don't speak
directly it is for some reason but yes
that you make information reach
publicly in an indirect way not this
we have already seen it many times in my
channel and on other occasions No I never
I speak, I am always silent, I am not
the one who does public things and then
We see things like this not with traditions
like this and another thing in which
agree is that their new partners
They want to make them look like a fallen angel
from heaven not the perfect man example
to continue that he has changed and is a man
totally deconstructed Rocío spoke
also from her husband Fidel alvia is
very easy to work with him would do it again
repeat I would hunt again in short a
lots of nice things that are very
Although your partner doesn't, but he calls me
much attention because throughout the
documentary is sowing things for you
that you think that Fidel is something like that
like an angel like the perfect man He is
a being of light that seems good to God
He put it in my path when he had the
accident with the car she was going to put
the convertible car but thanks to him
He didn't put it on when he fought with his father
Fidel, the one who told him, go talk to your
Rosito's father, his mother, adored him.
Fidel and said to him I'm not leaving without leaving you
married to this one who realizes that
the child has a broken arm or not me
according to what was on his arm no
It was Fidel, so you realize what
I want to tell you it's like we don't
wants to sell as if it were good that
what happens is better for your eyes
I already told you that it fits with others
stories that I have lived in my life Well
not that I have experienced them directly
but I have observed them, not that I have
I haven't known about them and then it gives me
Much to think about But let's get to the point
taking out this cover that this cover it
She takes it out in 10 minutes, it's worth it in a few
days We're going in less than a week
the report is made public
vanitatis the following week too
I have never spoken until I decide
do it and sell it a little bit
hype what is my surprise looking and
searching a lot because of course Al
all this has been so viral
documentary all the old in the
Google searches are left looking very
buried I mean you have to be very
specific and it costs you a lot of work
find things no but I find that
This episode that is being talked about
so much not this episode of aggression of
I spray flowers towards her mother who
They are saying that during all these
years has been silenced and that she has
tried to prevent it from being published
tried to prevent the light from coming out
I came across this article from a media outlet
of communication specifically in the ABC
newspaper that more or less has its
prestige not an article published in
February 2013 written by Beatriz
Cortázar and that says the following:
Monumental fight between mother and daughter
It seems that in addition to screams with
some slap and a complaint filed
before the civil guard this could have
been the trigger for the subsequent
lawsuit filed by Antonio David
flowers to claim before the courts
exclusive custody and guardianship of his/her
daughter Rocío, 16 years old, a fight
Monumental between mother and daughter It seems to be
that in addition to screaming with some slap and
a complaint filed here already very
the thing was not silenced, I don't know
Beatriz Cortázar who would tell her the
The thing is that Beatriz Cortázar today
This is my criticism of Rocío Carrasco both
in Ana Rosa's program as in the
Jiménez's program, the saints are here
talking about that in 2013 this journalist
I already knew about this episode, maybe not
There are many details but it does say
that there had been some slap and a complaint
I think she wasn't doomed yet.
This same journalist makes public on the 31st
March 2017 the complaint that Rocío
Carrasco names him Antonio David for
alleged psychological abuse and also
A little later he publishes the news in
This same journalist read that
admitted for processing at first
lawsuit for alleged mistreatment by
part Rocío Carrasco Antonio David
We should see what this journalist knows.
who was leaking this to him
information who was telling him
All this is not mentioned in these news
on several occasions that none of the
parents would be speaking about
the subject but yes that at the end of this
says Rocío would be thinking of taking
the courts also this year to Raquel
mosquera according to people close to the
presenter and consulted by Cortázar
So there we have a journalist.
which seems to have been quite
informed not that I had enough
information yes that does not enter so much
details like vanitati but this
journalist will surely remember for
where all this information came from
then I come across this video of
2018 in live life listen to what
Isabel Rábago account This is public
on the Telecinco page, that is,
Telecinco's website says Isabel Rábago
drop this and there's this video
and it can and can be said
be careful what you say
You can't say there is one person in there
the set that already knows where they are going
shooting
It will have to be told clearly, it will have to be told
tell it Isabel Rábago let us remember that it is
one of the main defenders in
Rocío Carrasco's Telecinco because she is
her friend
a specific episode between mother and daughter
which ends in a diligence that ends
in front of a gathering and there is a
condemned
for the other person and that there are some
conditions that legally prevent
mother and daughter are together to see no
the details that vanitati enters
because vanity even publishes some
page but here Isabel Rábago friend
from Rocío Carrasco who is doing it
incredible audience that Rocío Carrasco does not
I tried to stop it And now I bring you
another little gem, not the Crown Jewel but
Yes, it is another little gem. Now when it comes in
on stage the journalist Saúl Ortiz Saúl
Ortiz is a journalist I didn't know.
I met him very little at a crossroads
of tweet that we had no and a little bit of
private message I challenged him to a debate
that I'm still waiting for it
we had a live debate on my
channel not to exchange position but
I'm still waiting for it and this
Journalist: Well, I think you can see it, right?
I think it's no secret, right?
positioning towards one of the sides
No he publishes headlines in various
several media outlets discover
Rocío's strategy is surprising
flowers to benefit from
documentary about your mother that is
saying that Rocío Flores has a
strategy to make a profit speaks
from the live broadcast that Juan Husk did with Diego
suburb in which Diego arrabal said
It's good that Rocío Flores was there
silent for the moment because as they were going to
take legal action. Well, they would have to
that wait to speak no Or is a
logical thing can not traca the accusation
popular that can reopen the case of
Rocío Carrasco is selling you that
can reopen by popular accusation a
case of alleged psychological abuse
which is based primarily on the theme of
the statements he has been making
throughout all the years of David by the
set or rather it's here a little bit I don't say
that the coat goes away, that it does not go away
reopen that I am not a judge but as not
whether due to media pressure or
happened in many cases that have not been
a highly publicized event but it should be reopened
the case why they made the documentary
and by popular accusation the truth is that
I doubt it very much, Antonio David.
He wants three million euros this
journalist been looking a little bit no
his career because I didn't know him and I
I came across this tweet yesterday I had
the immense luck of vibrating with Anabel
owner of a masterful voice by the way and Rocío
Carrasco in Valladolid Rocío Jurado already
has a seat in the Zorrilla and continues
present more alive than ever thanks to its
daughter and the show Starting Point
It says here that yesterday he was lucky enough to
vibrate with Anabel and with Rocío Carrasco and
This tweet that caught my attention
attention that responds to this that now
Let's talk about this Fidel alviaj
who, as you know, is Rocío's husband
Carrasco sued me because he considered
that I was Antonio's armed wing
David and I lost, I am a journalist and nothing more.
Here is someone who says the only thing that
What you have done is sentence Rocío
flowers and he answers I did not sentence her
the juvenile court September 2019
September 2019 September 2019 and
September 2019 coinciding more or
less with the entry of Antonio David in
the big brother house this is the
cotilleo.e magazine is a publication in
the one written by Saúl Ortiz and Saúl Ortiz
Rocío Flores publishes exclusive sentence
after a serious altercation with his mother
Rocío Carrasco cotilleo.es has had
access to the judgment of the file such
such such of the juvenile court in which
without going into gruesome details
unnecessary it was decided to condemn Rocío
flowers after a serious altercation occurred
with his mother this medium has also
have been able to learn that Rocío Carrasco has
who his daughter also challenged with serious
accusations were cleared of any
crime
files the complaint in the court of
relevant instruction How it has arrived
that sentence to this newspaper and
journalist according to the documentation that
work in the possession of this writer
Paula Ortiz caused a disturbance
psychological in Rocío Carrasco that already
had been suffering from anxiety disorders
derived from slander and vexations
that Antonio David performed in the
media what slander and
What a humiliation Saúl Ortiz if it has not been
condemned for that churra against
the malicious insinuations that
They intend to trivialize and question the
current difficult situation of Rocío
technical and medical reports are blunt
blunt because they have not condemned him and
They report clear ailments And yes yes
ailments can be brutal
confrontation with his daughter similar to
those we have seen for years in
big brother wow these sound familiar
words No now let's read a little
from the part of the reports that this
journalist publishes in this medium is worth the
Rocío's behavior towards the
mother seems to be mediated by the
legal problems that their parents
throughout his life receiving Rocío
more or less conscious pressures and
more or less conscious indoctrinations
which result in rejection
Antonio's daughter's mother in front of her
David and Rocío use lies against
his mother openly to get
profits such as
approval in the parental nucleus Now I
I'm very curious, so I'm going to episode 9.
exactly at the hour and 5 minutes and 28
seconds and I find that
coincidentally the part that Rocío Carrasco
The lesson of that report is this, let's see what
says Rocío Flores' opinion regarding
from her mother it seems like a speech that she
herself has wanted to learn and that she is
highly mediatized by the conflict that
their parents have established a phrase
But you can read it on the screen.
against his mother openly to
make a profit as best you can
approval in the parental nucleus and the
to be able to lead a life more in line with their
interests have coincided on the part of the
reports that he has published in the
documentary Rocío Carrasco with the part
of the reports that this has published
man in cotilleo.es this medium also
has been able to access documentation
sensitive about David The youngest son of the
marriage and would reinforce the hypothesis of
the possible parental alignment with
forensic conclusions that subscribe
parental manipulation or indoctrination
the closing of this press release
not from a report by Saúl Ortiz that has me
has already caught our attention and we thought
It is of little use to remember September 2019
explain that Rocío did not want to greet her
son in the corridors of a court is
tell a half-truth that one
tomorrow the minor was protected and
hugged by Olga, Antonio's wife
David who with his attitude seemed
wanting to prevent Rocío from approaching
avoided confrontation to avoid a
too violent situation put the first priority
calm of his son with obvious problem
of understanding to their inevitable desires
to hug him and ask him to come back to his
Saul's side has failed you, I wrote in the no
have [ __ ] you have missed putting that and
Well, I don't point fingers or accuse, eh, I'm not one of them.
one there with what he publishes But what
Yes, it is clear to me that it was
vanitati the first to make public
This condemnation that was not silenced and
that it doesn't look like the mother
tried to brake because even a
her friend on television in 2018
releases happily does not attract me much
Pay attention to the last article that
we read in September 2019
the dates coinciding just right
very fair with other things in which
It seems that the planning was in progress
documentary really catches my attention
that is so similar to a certain part of the
documentary I would love to know if any
Can any of these journalists clarify this for me?
Because you could clarify it if you wanted to.
clearly one of the strongest episodes
that I have told Rocío Carrasco through
of this documentary is the assumption
episode in which Antonio David later
to bring the children to him after the weekend
of the week with them on a Sunday you
She is late according to what she says instead of
9 brings them around 11 o'clock
night It turns out that he realizes that
the child has a broken arm. I mean, me
It seems mind-blowing and I can't believe that
a father who, for better or worse, is a person
that it is more vivid, more crazy to call it
however you like or be more of a playboy than
you are and have the toughest face Or as it is
you want to call no matter how much it is, don't me
a child can get into his head if he falls
The child spends the weekend in a bunk bed
week with a broken arm I would be
howling in pain how he's going to endure that
kid all weekend with him
broken arm and the father doesn't want him
take him to the hospital so that the father doesn't
He takes it that he gives it to the mother so that
she takes it well because in this story
There are two mistakes they have made in the
documentary at the time of editing it that gives
A lot to think about then Paco, tell me
He goes up to the house and tells me Rocío, I say but
He hasn't come yet, he says no, Rocío, I say, but
If you had to be here, be here at 9 and
It was 11:30 at night the children
they had the girl had school up to date
next I said it was 11 o'clock
night when he brought the children not that
It was 11 at night and still not
had brought the children but without
However, here they miss a little bit
detail and that is when the report is given
of the hospital we can see here by the
late at 9:15 at night
They traveled through time like they did today
In the afternoon at 9:15 p.m. they notice that he has
a lump on the right forearm
So I tell her Rocío, I think she
passes to the brother and tells me Ah Well, what do you know?
has fallen from a bunk bed and is left like this or
I say that a bunk bed has fallen and you
Father No, of course, I was the only girl.
source that I or rather that I had for
find out And he adds that when he asks him
The girl explains to the girl that the
Brother Te fell from a bunk that
He asks the girl and the girl tells him
that falls out of the bunk this capture of
screen that I am putting on the
screenshot that they show in the
documentary of the complaint that Rocío says
Carrasco that puts no that puts one
complaint for negligence in which
Antonio David says that upon his return
of his two youngest children after the
the father's enjoyment of the regime
assigned visits and after leaving the
person in charge of collecting it blah blah
blah blah blah but they underline this part and
They have left a little thing down below that if you
Look, he says he asked his daughter
If David had fallen and this one has not
known how to answer it or how is it that
Here in the complaint that Rocío files
Carrasco says that the girl has not known
answer you are counting on the
documentary that the girl told you that she
had fallen from the bunk bed finally here
everyone who thinks what they want has done it
being a lousy person, this is what I am now
I was missing to see this lady, now I know
the matter is getting out of hand
that has made him lousy but go
suit if I was already making him a suit
has put on the lousy little hat of
gift abuser scammer and since
We are lousy, I see her capable in the
episode that comes from making contact no
He takes a shower that turns him around
underwear to put on inside out
before washing it is incredible but it is
that everything is worth it, everything goes because now
What does the pack have or should I put it here?
lice are also no joke, that is
The lice thing seemed to me
Spectacular, the worst thing is that there are people
that he is taking it seriously
is taking it as a true accusation
and realize that in the face of this there is no
nothing that can be refuted no I don't think so
have a louse saved in an envelope this
It's her word with what I want
He says but apart from being a
accusation without content that is not free
It comes to mind, it's nonsense, okay?
We also don't have to point fingers and
we have to expel him from society
because even though it sounds a bit like that
that he is going to say that he can have lice
have any at a specific time
of his life In fact I have been all the
night investigating because I like to be
well documented to record my videos
and lice, lice do not jump from
head to head lice well
They transmit by proximity by sharing
personal things and actually putting a
encyclopedia that lice like
more to be in clean heads than dirty ones
But I tell you that when you have them
small children It is normal that in some
a specific occasion because they catch him
catch Because a classmate another child
street whatever is worth it but that is not
It's a thing and people are already taking it
seriously looking for a relationship
that Antonio David has
examining the entire newspaper archive to see
how can the version of them coincide
Rocío Carrasco has even arrived
which is great because it is true or
whether in the Big Brother house or in the
edition in which Antonio David participated
There were lice, that's why they brought these out
photos of when they shaved all their heads
collaborators of when the pandemic is worth it
You already know that was very fashionable
of shaving even I shaved myself and they have
related to that surely it
did to prevent this from happening
incredible really this is incredible and
wonderful It is that since we are not in
I don't know the full pub of labels anymore
which one is missing? It seems to me that
He hasn't said anything yet
drug addict or anything like that yet
eh To whom we are 100% sure that he does not
He has given lice to his friend Kiko
Matamoros is worth it because this one is
I would slip but look at this headline for
Please, isn't this surreal, Rocío?
Carrasco assures that his children had
lice when they were with Antonio David
These news Well it turns out that
Many people were linking it to the
fact that in its large edition
VIP brother, there would be lice on people
started looking for clicks and headlines
when they invaded the house of Guadalí
These characters, they are not these little ones
protagonists but it turns out that later
we have remembered that it is supposed to be good because
At least according to the magazine Lectura, no longer
I remember why this edition happened
quite some time already in fact in this
I have a special affection for this edition
Because I was on set watching it, I had
I was lucky enough to visit the set and saw
many of the contestants and I was
watching a gala because it seems to be Piojo
According to the magazine Lectura, they came
by her friend So it doesn't happen
nothing that I already told you in the previous video
that having lice is a normal thing
as long as once you give yourself
take into account that you have them, treat them and
Many people have also taken this photo
In the light this photo belongs to the
10 minutes magazine doing a curious thing
comparison since Rosita attributed
Antonio David that his children came with
lice the fact that she is not either
that he would carry it like a brush in fact
In this photo we can see what
It seems to be It seems to be eh Maybe the
The image is deceiving but what it seems to be
some broken shoes some shoes with the
broken sole and well we couldn't either
tell her to take them to school
which comes to be made a brush one of
the things that caught my attention the most
of those that Alba Carrillo said last night was
when they took some images that you can see
that Rocío Carrasco has recorded them now
After the episode are some images
in which Rocío Carrasco is watching
family photos and it makes me laugh a lot
because in one of the episodes
Previously he was heavily criticized when
said this but a beauty with eyes
wonderful blues that your little girl was a
beauty with incredible blue eyes
not when the girl has green eyes
then everyone on the networks
He started laughing and started saying damn.
what a mother what a mother who doesn't even know
color of your daughter's eyes because look
What a coincidence what he says now
eyes between blue and green depending on the mood
the light if it is sunlight or if it is light
artificial
that is, coincidentally after having been
criticized for the other now says that
Rocío has eyes sometimes
Blue and other green ones depending on what you like and
They are not like shoes you put on
depending on how it matches the clothes. Well
when they are broadcasting this part no
This beautiful video of Rocío taking out
Alba Carrillo took family photos and says
Look at it, what a beautiful video. How beautiful.
how he speaks of his daughter without any resentment
Seriously Alba Carrillo, are you really going to
say that he speaks of his daughter without resentment
none please please that they have
It is justified that these feminists are good
new feminists because you will see that
These feminists are not
jargon for everything and to justify it
everything when they took Rocío out
Carrasco, the Netflix thing, not the famous one
phrase if you are going to see your daughter in
survivor And they answer that, they put it in
Netflix justifies it by saying that it was
humor what happens that women don't
They may have a sense of humor or what
They always criticize women when
They have a sense of humor. Look at Rocío.
Carrasco yes Antonio David comes to say
a phrase like that at some point
you would have crushed more than what
doing if Antonio David decides or
any man to be a joke like that
you would have said that I was analyzing
with the situation then one thing that I
It's very funny. Thanks in quotes.
is that it talks about the subject of vanity
not when the sentence was passed
Rocío Flores's abuse of her mother and
denies it, well, denies it, denies it
She says no, that she never did.
would have published and everyone in
Twitter all of Rocío's admirers
Carrasco saying now what is now what
To all of you who said there was
been her now what and I wonder
how now what has been demonstrated or
he has simply denied it but it is the
I don't accuse anyone of her word.
I don't accuse anyone because here we don't
We know, I think that at some point
It will come out and it has to come out by force
because according to the newspaper La Razón
Rocío Flores was going to take legal action
against vanitati then in some
moment has to come out Who was the one who
He put you as a blanket, there is a click that
repeat two or three times during the
broadcast of the Wednesday program on the
that put several coincidences of
Expressions of the Father and the daughter
wanting to imply that the two
They speak the same as if that means
that Antonio David has put in his
head the paper and the things they have
what to say to all his family, to Olga and to
their children
[Applause]
you don't have to ask for forgiveness twice
people fighting for the same adjective
It is true that the adversities are your children
What they have done to us is to have a
common goal which was to raise
be careful no I'm not careful
They are basically expressions in which
You can search for clips from all over the world
people who live in Spain and who are going to
agree on some occasions in saying
these words because it is basically not
that the father and daughter speak the same way
First of all, the experience they have
had in it and tell it of the
same way but in second place
Rocío Carrasco and Mediaset is the language
Spanish we all use the same ones
words So there is nothing to be said
have said Here that we have not said
No one in our life does. But they do.
They ride with the music and want to do it
This is a very good movie.
mounted in documentary montage and the
script and everything is perfect. I mean if you
You want to get into the story and you don't
you want to contrast information, I will tell you
You eat with potatoes and it tastes the same as inside
In a few months we will be seeing how
suddenly all media defends Antonio
David But this is a very good movie
mounted no but we go basically what
I tell you, that is, they match phrases that
surely they can take them from
anyone who appears on TV
because the Spanish language basically
We also have news about the
lawsuit filed by Antonio
about a month and a half ago to Rocío
Carrasco for supposedly or
allegedly not having passed the
maintenance that by the way was
maintenance is real because she herself
The documentary mentions that it costs 200 euros.
that he should have paid for his son
of support since she lives with him
father and apparently Antonio David has
filed a lawsuit because supposedly
He doesn't pay it. I would like to know why not.
pay for the news we have about
The fact is that the judge orders an investigation
Rocío Carrasco's heritage and cites
his son David to testify and here in this
statement his son David will decide whether
continues with the lawsuit or does not want to
sue your mother the thing is that no
I see a lot of people
condemn, criticize and do the same
trial that was made when Antonio David
they played him or judged him or they are
asking to play it for the same reason I
It seems that this is just as bad because
both parties if a judge is
forcing them to pay support
you have to pay but I really do It is
I don't understand if it's true if it were
I really imagine there must be something
but let's go, I really don't understand
It is true that the mother who has not passed
the maintenance of his son 200 euros me
You would like to know why you sued
The other day we saw the images of
she at the door of the courts when
They chased her with these signs
faminashi let's see what this turns out to be
But come on, it seems very strong to me
pensions
but then they don't pay my pensions
I don't buy that story, I don't know what it is.
the disease they have because I have
been looking for the means to
communication and apparently neither one nor the
another has mentioned it directly
They talk about a child who is special but
They haven't mentioned what it has what it has
Several media outlets say it is
which could be Angel Man syndrome
I don't know him but from what I've
been reading it must be made clear that
It would be genetic And why do I want to leave?
clear this by these statements of
Rosarito in the documentary
panic attacks anxiety attacks
I love that they put this like this
headline not because it is something when the
people and the progressives want to victimize
It's not anxiety I have a lot of anxiety
likes people to think
And if the hormones that are pregnancy that
is affecting the head that jealousy
They are going crazy and that because of
Jealousy was going to ruin my son who
because of jealousy she was going to miscarry
your son there are many people on the networks
social that thinks that subtly very
He has subtly wanted to imply that
what has happened to the child or the
the child's situation was caused by
how bad it was for her, it's not that I
It seems tremendous. I really believe that
what does she mean when
Let this go, not because of your jealousy.
no and because you're crazy you're going to give birth badly
My son what I think is that he wants
to put him in charge of the position
conscience to her as if she stayed
with the burden of conscience that he has
It was her fault that the child was
born like this Anyway, whatever it is
The case seems tremendous to me, it has no
This really has no name
Pay attention to this point in the documentary
fact that makes me laugh a lot because it is
that is what I tell you the words
alienated traumas And that's like
They use it as an excuse for everything, there is a
moment in the report in which in the
the director herself or the interviewer
ask Rocío and why it wasn't you
to Malaga to look for your son and it is the
the only moment in the report where you can see
that there is no script that does not have it as
prepared, he asks you as a surprise
He asks and stutters, he stays a little
So without answer Rocío is interrupted and
Why don't you go down and get the child?
look but how am I going but how am I going to
go down for the child if I don't want to go
I didn't go because I didn't want to, I'm a woman
mistreated after all that yes
after all Rocío Yes after all
after all if you want to go down
to look for your son because they are not here for you
bringing and they have to bring it to you
you take the being of light and it comes down and you
You take your child and if the other insults you
threatens you or does whatever he wants to you
more reason to report him for
gender violence but notice how
He stutters and how am I going to get down with him?
child I am a woman I have trauma I can't no
I can go, it's like I already have the excuse, no
Ok, the excuse I gave you is fine.
what what I have lived what I have
How am I going to get down? How am I going to how?
as
I'm going to face
well, picking up, going, picking up, going, but
This is what I want to make you understand, not how
These people use their words, not their
trauma I have a medical report I am here for you
saying in 10 chapters that I am a
battered woman as an excuse for everything
This email is shown on the program of the
pink and it is an email from the lawyer by
that time from Rocío Carrasco to
distinguished lawyer Antonio David
My colleague has just informed me of my
client who has received a call from a
hospital informing him that his son David
He was in the emergency room and they have not told him
wanted to provide any information
about his condition later my
client has spoken by phone with
the minor and he has told him that they are going to
do several tests because you have phlegm
Given the circumstances, I beg you to
visit your client Mr. Flores
all the information you have about the
tests to which he has been subjected
minor as well as the medical report that
have provided it to the father and it to me
move it so that the mother can see it or
be this is awesome no this is very
different from the version she has
told in the documentary his own
lawyer sent Antonio David an email
acknowledging that he had spoken to him
child on the phone according to the newspaper La
reason Rocío Carrasco did not tell the truth
We have the document that proves that your
son called her as it says here
version given by Rocío Carrasco in the
documentary and you will all remember it was
that at 6 or 7 in the evening he received a
phone call is a person of
Hospital administration tells me that
need my son's health card
They told me they couldn't give me
information about what was happening was put
the doctor and told me that they were already giving him the
They told me it was just a formality
that he had indeed been admitted
and it is to all the information that I receive from
my son that day and then went to
Mila Ximénez de la Crema event.
It turns out that the email we just sent
show you did not appear on Ana's program
Rosa this email where the lawyer herself
Rocío Carrasco confirms that she was
warned and even spoke to her son
It is dated two thirty in the afternoon
very much before 6 in the evening
As she assures the documentary with
These things, Carlota Corredera, you have them.
complicated for the intro of the next one
episode great singing really going to me
love watching the mental gymnastics that
do not surely take refuge in that
you were mistaken under some symptom of his
trauma or maybe the lawyer
I was very alienated at that time, it goes to me
I'd like to see what nonsense you say and I
From here I ask you Carlota Corredera
How can I not be a denialist and it is
part of the documentary is true at the end
It turns out that the lawyer has left
Antonio David to clarify one thing that
I think it is very important. You already know that
Rocío Carrasco when her son went to
to declare did not have to go to declare for
ratify the complaint or claim that you
They have put no because of the pension
It turns out that Rocío Carrasco as
put to her as always did not put in
his paper said that more than once the
father putting himself in a tremendous situation
his son how cruel the father was what
The father was cruel in setting the tone
his son from having to report his
Mother How bad Antonio David
Well now Antonio's lawyer came out
David Garzón has explained to clarify this.
that the reason why David Flores has
had to testify before a judge
due to the judicial strategy of the
mother as detailed by the lawyer
Rocío Carrasco insisted that it should not be
Antonio David who would denounce but his
son according to Antonio's lawyer
David in the resources that have been
presenting Rocío Carrasco does not stop
to curb this demand or to get out of the
step or whatever not in the resources has
insisted has insisted r that r in fact
in which it is the son who should put
that demand not Antonio David then
They have been forced to have the son go and
ratify or is this if it were true if
it was just as it is told
This lawyer who I don't believe is
dare to tell lies no but yes
If that were the case we would be facing another situation
manipulation not before another round of the
tortilla not that trying to give it the
turn the tables, so she has
done this so that the son has to go
to declare and then say that this is
The fault of the monster Antonio David has
placed in the position of having to put in
jail his mother or trying to put him in jail
his mother's house is that he believed that in
against his mother and ask for jail for
his mother supposedly knowing that
that this has been caused by her
Also another thing that has been explained is that
Antonio David's lawyer It is that the son
David Flores has offered his mother
withdraw this lawsuit do not continue with
This demand leaves things as they are
It is an offering for both the mother
as for the father but well he is a
an act that seems to me to be very good faith
and really want things to be resolved
things that bury all the hatchets
of war not to stop everything in exchange for
that their parents leave all battles
judicial And completely stop
to sue and to report each other
against the other has proposed this has not